



767. 




WILLIAM BAXTER



, feloniously and knowingly uttering a forged 5l. Bank of England note, with intent to defraud the 

Governor and Company of the Bank of England.—2nd COUNT, with intent to defraud 



George Compton.


MR. CLARKSON
and
SIR JOHN BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE COMPTON
. I keep the Crown, in the Edgeware-road. On 27th Feb., about twelve o'clock in the day, I was in my bar parlour and saw the prisoner standing at the bar—Mrs. Compton was serving—the bar is divided off into two departments, a bottle department and a public department—they are divided by a partition from the wall to the counter—there are separate doors of entrance to each department—there is a smaller door to one, and a larger door to the other—the prisoner was in the small department, the bottle department—I heard him ask for a glass of wine and a cigar—he paid for it with a shilling—I heard him ask for something—I got up directly, and said to him, "What is it you want?"—he said, "Will you oblige me with change for a 5l.-note?"—I said, "Certainly;" and he laid a note on the counter—took it up, looked at it, and said, "Not for this; this is a bad one;" and I said to a man named Wheeler, "Shut the door;" he did so—the prisoner said, "It is of no consequence; I know where I took it"—I told Wheeler to keep the door closed till I came back—I then went out at the other door, and went to the station in Molyneux-street for a policeman—I took the note with me—I saw Beck, gave him the note, and told him to come back with me—he went in at the other door,, and I went to the door that was fastened—I knocked at it, and Wheeler let me in—I went in, and the prisoner said, "You will suffer for this"—Beck then came in with the note io his hand, and said to the prisoner, "Where did you get this note from?"—I asked him myself where he took it from, and he said, "I took it from Mr. Ellison, of Spring-gardens"—he hesitated a minute or two, and then said, "Charing-cross"—then Beck came round and asked him again, and he said, "I took it from Mr. Ellison, 6, Spring-gardens, Charing-cross," mentioning the number—I then said, "That is the name that is marked on the back of the note"—

this is the note—I know it by this writing, and also by the name of "Clutton, Bristol," on it—Beck asked the prisoner where he came from; if he had travelled by the railway, as he bad a bag with him, and he said, "I came by the railway from Birmingham;" giving us to understand that he had come from Birmingham that morning by the railway, and a minute or two afterwards he said it was eleven years since he was at Birmingham—I cannot exactly say what he said that gave me to understand he had come that morning from Birmingham by the railway—Beck said, "By rail?"—he said, "Yes"—I should say he gave me to understand it by his bag—he named Birmingham—he had a small bag with him, and an overcoat on, what is called a sack, and a thickish scarf round his neck—I did not notice his under coat—he did not undo his overcoat while at my place—Beck took him to the station.





HILL BECK
 (policeman, D 127). I was at the police-station in Molyneux-street, Edgeware-road, about half-past twelve o'clock on 27th Feb.—Mr. Compton came there with this 5l.-note in his hand—I observed the name of "Ellison, Spring-gardens," on it at the time, and "Clutton, Bath-street"—in consequence of what he told me, I accompanied him back to his house—I went in at the large doors, looked round the partition and saw the prisoner—I had the note in my hand; I held it up and said, "Where did you get this from?"—I did not wait to hear his answer, but said, "Wait, and I will come round into the bottle department"—when I got round, I found the prisoner—he had this carpet-bag with him—I took it from him—I asked where he got the note from—he said, a party gave it to him to come in and get change—in going to the station, he said that two men had given it to him, and afterwards he said a Mr. Ellison, of Spring-gardens, Charing-cross, gave it him—I did not ask where he lived—nothing was said in my hearing about Binningham—I searched the prisoner, and found on him 6s. 10d. in silver, and 3d. in copper—I opened the carpet-bag in his presence—when I got him to the station, I asked where he lived—he said at 196, Kent-street, Borough—he was taken before the Magistrate and remanded—I took the note to the Bank, and brought it back in the state in which it is now (stamped "Forged")—I went that same evening to 196, Kent-street, I did not find anything of the prisoner there—I went to 296, two or three days afterwards, and found that the prisoner lived there with his father—I went to make inquiry at Spring-gardens the next day—I could not find any such person as Mr. Ellison at No. 6—I also inquired at No. 7, and several houses, and could find no such person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you make inquiries at all the houses? A. No, not at every one.





WILLIAM ROBIN SELWAY
. I am clerk to Mr. Burton, the architect, of 6, Spring-gardens; I have been in his service upwards of fifteen years—during that time no person named Ellison has resided there.





JAMES WESTMORELAND
 (policeman, C 27). I have made inquiry in Spring-gardens after a person named Ellison—I have been to every house—it was last Wednesday—no such person was known at any house.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say what your object was, that it was about a forged note? A. I did at several places.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am inspector of Bank-notes to the Bank of England. This note is a forgery in all respects, paper, plate, and signature—there is no water-mark—there is an attempt by pressure—this other note (produced)is also a forgery in every respect.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever known an instance of the Bank paying a forged note, and refusing their own, and afterwards finding it was a good one? A. No, I never heard of it—I have heard of it in Court, I never

knew it happen—I have been thirty-nine years in the Bank—I can ascertain clearly that this is no water-mark—it is a note that might take persons' in.





THOMAS DALE
. I assist my father, who keeps the Marquis of Cornwallis, in Marchmont-street, Brunswick-square. On Tuesday evening, 26th Feb., between eight and nine o'clock, the prisoner came to our bar, accompanied by a servant in the neighbourhood, who often comes for beer—I have since learnt that her name is Emma Diprose—she is here—she had been in the habit of coming to the house for supper-beer for a neighbour—he had a carpet bag with him—I have no doubt the one produced is the same—I saw it again on 12th March, and knew it at once—they asked for two glasses of port wine; I served them—my attention was then drawn off by other customers—I afterwards returned to them to get payment for the wine—they asked me if I had change for a 5l.-note—I think the prisoner spoke first, but I cannot be positive, but the girl spoke out, and said, "Can you change me a 5l.-note?"—I heard him say something, but I cannot swear what—I saw a 5l.-note on the counter—I took it up, and just looked at it; I did not examine it—his coming with the girl altogether deprived me of suspicion, because I had given change to the girl before for her mistress—I went to my desk, and found I had not enough to do it with—I put the note on the counter, and said I had not got change—the prisoner took it up—just at that time, Holland, the pot-boy, came in for some beer, and the girl said to him,"Oh, here, you will get me change," and she took the note from the prisoner, and passed it to the boy, and he asked me if he should go—I said, "Yes, you may go and see if you can get change for them"—whilst he was gone, I saw two sixpences lying on the counter close to where the note had laid—I said, "Is this your money?"—the prisoner said, "Yes," and the girl said, "Yes, two sixpences"—the two glasses of port wine came to 8d.—I gave them the difference—I did not notice who took it; I think it was the prisoner—I have not the least doubt of it—I think I remember seeing him take it up, but I should not like to swear it positively—Holland returned with the change—it consisted of four sovereigns and some silver—I said, "Here is your change"—the prisoner took it up directly, and they went away almost directly—when they first came in, she said, "This is a brother of mine"—the next I heard of it was on 6th March, when I found the note Holland changed was a forgery—I cannot swear that this is the note—I know it is the note that was brought back to me by Weller, Mr. Beaumont's barman, where Holland got change—I had not sent Holland out for any other 5l.-note.

Cross-examined. Q. About the young woman saying the prisoner was her brother, have yon recollected that to-day for the first time? A. No; I do not know whether I named it before the Magistrate—I should say the prisoner was in my place near ten minutes—there were a good many persons there—I never saw him before—I believe I should have known him anywhere if I had met him—I do not know that there is anything particular about him—I had no doubt about him when I saw him in the House of Detention—I was sure it was him the moment I saw him—Holland did not express considerable doubt about him—he passed the cell, and I said, "You had better look again"—I had said the same to him previously when he passed another cell very quickly—I thought be had not time to look at the prisoner sufficiently, and the second time he looked he said, "Yes, that is the person"—the young woman who came in with the prisoner is outside.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Look at the prisoner now, and tell me whether you have any doubt that he is the man? A. No; he was dressed in a dark-green coat, cut off; what is called a "Newmarket," and a great coat, which he unbuttoned—he was in the same dress before the Magistrate.






WILLIAM HOLLAND
. On 26th Feb., I was in the service of Mr. Dale. Between eight and nine o'clock that evening I came out of the tap-room, and saw the prisoner at the bar with a young woman—she asked me to go and get change for a 5l.-note—my master gave me the note—I took it to Mr. Beaumont's, and asked Weller, the barman, to change it—he put the note on the desk, and wrote master's name on it—I did not see what he wrote, but I saw him writing—he put it into the desk—a young woman who came out of the parlour gave me the change, four sovereigns, and the rest in silver—I brought it back, and placed it on the counter before the prisoner and the young woman—I did not see what became of it.

Cross-examined. Q. When you went to the House of Detention, did you pass by the prisoner without recognising him? A. Yes, at first; my master said, "Look well at him"—the first time I went by him very quick—I looked at him again, and knew him—I looked at him two or three minutes the second time—I looked at his cell the same as I did at the others, but my attention was not attracted till my master said that to me.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did your master say that to you at any other cell you passed by? A. Yes; he said a good many times,"Look well at them."





JOHN WELLER
. I am barman to Mr. Beaumont, of the Red Lion, Guild-ford-street. On the evening of 26th Feb., Holland came for change for a 5l.-note, which he handed to me—my master's sister gave him four sovereigns, and 1l.-worth of silver—I wrote on the note,"Mr. Dale, Marchmont-street"—this is it—master was about to pay it away on 6th March, and the clerk detected it to be a forgery.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you changed any other 5l.-note that day? A. I do not know; we change them very frequently—we always put on them the name of the person we take them from—I changed no other for Mr. Dale that night. 


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Baron Platt.

