



1121. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 was again indicted

 for stealing 14 spoons and other property, value 11l.; the goods of 



William Andrews; in his dwelling-house.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






LYDIA WINNEY
. In Feb. last I lived servant to Mr. William Andrews, a surgeon, of Brunswick-place, Barnsbury-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington. On Tuesday, 26th Feb., about two o'clock in the afternoon, I heard a knock at the door; I went and opened it; it was the middle door; the outer door is left open—I found the prisoner and another person—the prisoner asked if the doctor was at home—I told him he was not—he said he was not well, and he wanted some medicine; if I would allow him to write an address, the doctor would call on him—he also said that Mrs. Smith was not well, she had been lately confined—I agreed to his writing an address, and he and the other person went into the parlour—I supplied the prisoner with paper and pen and ink to write the address—he said to the youth who was with him, "George, will you write it? you

see how ill I am," and his hand shook; but the prisoner did write a note, and left it on the table—he then asked me if I would oblige him with a glass of water—I took a tumbler from the sideboard, and went into the surgery to draw the water—I drew it, and was coining out, and the prisoner came and met me, and drank the water in the surgery—there was a basket of plate in the wing of the sideboard—I had been about a minute gone for the water when the prisoner came and met me—the lad who came with the prisoner had a blue bag with him, and he bad gone out when I came from the surgery—I then let the prisoner out of the door, and shut the door after him—I then missed a sovereign from the mantelpiece, and in about half an hour I missed the plate—it consisted of fourteen spoons and the other articles stated—the blue bag was large enough for it all to have been put in—I had seen the sovereign a minute or two before the prisoner came, and I saw the plate when I let him and the lad in.

Prisoner. Q. Do you swear that I took the plate out of the house? A. No, your companion did.

COURT. Q. What has become of his companion? A. He is in Tothillfields—I am confident the prisoner is the person who came.





EDWARD MILLAR
. I am in the service of Mr. Andrews. On 26th Feb. I went to dinner, and as I was going along Copenhagen-street I met the prisoner about 600 yards from Mr. Andrews'—he had a blue bag with something in it—that was about twenty minutes past two o'clock—I went to the doctor's, and heard about the sovereign, and missed the plate—I ran out, but was not able to find the prisoner—I ruptured a blood-vessel in my right side, from running.
(The prisoner put in a paper stating that he had sincerely repented of his offences, and begging for mercy for the sake of his wife and mother.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

