



701. 



JOHN WILSON



, feloniously stabbing and wounding 




William Middleton, with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do grievous bodily harm.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM MIDDLETON
. I am a warder at the House of Correction in Coldbath-fields. The prisoner was a prisoner there under my charge—he had been under my charge fox about a fortnight—on 24th Jane, he complained to me of his bread being light; he said his loaf of bread was small—I told him I could not help its being small, if he thought proper he could have it weighed—he said he did not wish to have it weighed, provided I gave it to him the same as I did to other prisoners; he said that I picked out the small bread for him—I told him that I would not allow him to accuse me with that, he might see the Governor upon it if he thought proper—he said he would do so—he then asked me to put the loaf in the cupboard for the Governor to see it; I did so—previous to that I weighed it—the prisoner could see me do it—it weighed six ounces—the prisoners get twenty ounces a-day, divided into three parts, then there is ten pounds allowed the contractor in every hundred for the allowance, so that the prisoners shall not have less bread than is allowed them—they do get twenty ounces a-day, taking one loaf with the other—this was about half past 5 o'clock in the evening—the prisoner slept in the dormitory that night—there we other prisoners there, the room sleeps one hundred—on the next morning, about twenty minutes to 11 o'clock, the prisoner was taken before the Governor with regard to this charge of the light loaf—I took the bread with

me—I told the Governor in the prisoner's presence what had occurred the over night, as I have stated now—on that, the prisoner said that the officers had an antipathy against him—the Governor said he should not allow the prisoner to make the assertion he had done the night previous, if he had anything to say he could see him and make his complaint; and he should stop part of his dinner—I took the prisoner back to the yard, and put the loaf in the cupboard in the day room, where the men get their meals—the prisoner was by the side of me at the time—he said he bad intended to ask the Governor for the loaf—I said he might have done it if he had thought proper—nothing more passed—I took him to his work—it was in the dormitory, it was his work that day to clean and sweep the dormitory and put it to rights—it was about 10 minutes to 11 o'clock when I took him there—there was nobody else working there—I locked the door of the dormitory and left him there—about 20 minutes to 1 o'clock I went to the dormitory again—I unlocked the door, and on opening it the prisoner stood on the step of the door; there are steps leading up to the dormitory, and there is one step inside the doorway—the prisoner stood on that step—not a word passed between us—as soon as I opened the door the prisoner struck me just by the corner of the right eye; he struck me in this way (raising his Jtand and striking downwards) as hard as he could force it; he struck me with all his might and gave a grunt at the same time—I was going to shut the door, and he gave me a second blow across the hand and cut me across the knuckles; I could not see what he had in his hand, it was so momentary—I locked the door; he shoved against it, but I had sufficient strength to push against him and lock it—I hastened down to the hall and there I saw the doctor—I had this cap on when I went to the dormitory (producing some pieces of a cap)—at the time he delivered the blow at my head, this fell into the dormitory, and afterwards he cut it up and threw it out of the window.

COURT. Q. How came you to go back to the dormitory? A. To see whether he had done his cleaning—it was my business to go—he knew that I should come—his regular dinner that day would have been a loaf and a pint and a half of soup—they get one loaf for each meal—the light loaf was given him over night for his evening meal—when they object to eat it, it is taken away from them—he had a loaf and a pint of cocoa for his breakfast—he would have had whatever there was for dinner—I locked up the loaf, because when they do not eat it the previous night it is not given to them back again; it is set with the stores, and served out again—if a loaf is given over night, and not eaten in the morning, it is taken away there and then; it is contrary to the rules for a prisoner to keep it and have it at another meal—I had had no words with the prisoner before this on any occasion.

JURY. Q. Did he ever complain of short weight before? A. Not dur-ing the period of his being in prison.

COURT. Q. The loaves are of different weights, you say? A. Yes—the governor is not here.





GEORGE HOARE
. I am chief warder at the House of Correction, Cold-bath-fields. On 25th June, just before 1 o'clock, in consequence of what Middleton said to me, I went to the dormitory—the door was locked—I looked through the inspection hole, and saw the prisoner standing with his hands behind him, close to the door, inside—I did not speak to him—I unlocked the door and put my arms round him, and said, "You have some-thing in your hand"—he said he had—I said, "Give it to me"—he did so,

and said that he did not wish to hurt me—his words were, "I don't wish to hurt you, Mr. Hoare"—he gave this knife (produced) into my hand; it was wet with blood, and just in the same state as it is now, with this tow round the handle—I said to him, "How came you to do such a thing?"—he I answered, "He may think himself a lucky fellow;" that was all that passed—the prisoners are not allowed to have such knives about them—the prisoner would not have such a knife when working in the dormitory—I subsequently asked the prisoner where he got it from, and he said he did not wish to say, it would be ascertained by-and-by.

COURT. Q. Have you had any dispute with the prisoner about the weight of the loaves, or anything of that sort? A. None whatever—he made no resistance to me, and used no violence whatever.





BENJAMIN MORRIS
. I am a sub-warder in the House of Correction. I kept a box in the dormitory where the prisoner slept—it was kept locked—I had been to that box on the morning in question at half past 5 o'clock—I then placed this knife in that box, and locked the box—I did not go to it again until about five minutes before 6 o'clock the same evening—it was then broken open, and the knife was gone—I saw the knife next morning in Mr. Hoare's possession—it was not then in the same state in which I had placed it in the box; it had been ground at the back—it had a round point when I left it, and it had been ground to a sharp point as it is now—the blade had been forced back in the handle, and this hemp or tow wrapped round the handle.

COURT. Q. How many persons slept in that room? A. 100, or thereabouts—they generally leave the dormitory at twenty minutes to 7 o'clock—the room is then empty, and the door is locked—the warder in charge of the room locked it that morning in my presence—Middleton had charge of the room that morning—there is a stone step inside the door upon which the knife might be sharpened—I am not aware of its having been used for that purpose—I did not examine it—it had been cleaned.





WILLIAM MIDDLETON

re-examined. I remember going to the dormitory that morning, about a quarter to 7 o'clock, when the prisoners left it—I locked the door after them—I found it locked when I returned—I did not examine the step to see whether it had been used.





BENJAMIN MORRIS

re-examined. I put the knife into the box at half past 5 o'clock—the prisoner was at that time in bed in the room; I do not know whether he was awake or asleep—his bed was from twenty to thirty yards from the box—it is a large room—he could see the box from his bed; I do not know whether he did—the box was by my side, we are not allowed to leave our post, I merely put the knife in, and locked the box—I do not sleep in the room, I am on duty, on the watch; I had been using the knife for a meal during the night—I usually kept it there, and used it daily.





GEORGE HOARE

re-examined. I cannot say whether the prisoner had slept in this dormitory all the time he has been in custody—he was only under Middleton's charge a fortnight—he had been in the prison three months—we have 1,400 prisoners, and only 900 cells.





HENRY WAKEFIELD
. I am surgeon of the House of Correction. On the morning of 25th June, I saw Middleton; he was bleeding profusely from an incised wound in the forehead, on the angle of the orbit on the right side; it went to the bone; it was barely a quarter of an inch deep, and from three quarters of an inch to an inch in length; there was also a slight wound on his hand—those wounds might have been inflicted with such a knife as this—he was under my care ten or twelve days.


COURT. Q. It was not a dangerous wound? A. It was not, as it happened.

Prisoner's Defence. My intention was not to murder him; I was unjustly provoked in consequence of the way that he brought me before the governor—when he saw that I intended to bring the loaf before the governor, and make a complaint in the usual way, he then, by way of spite, reported me to the governor for breach of conduct, and also deprived me of the loaf which I was justly entitled to, on the preceding night; I intended to retaliate on him, but not to take his life.

COURT
to
WILLIAM MIDDLETON. Q. When you were before the governor, did you make any complaint against him? A. I did, for his accusation on the previous night—I believe I mentioned that before—I said I told the governor what had passed.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count
. 



Transported for Twenty Years
.
(MR. BODKIN
stated that the prisoner had been three times convicted of burglary, and had been twice before the Visiting Magistrates for stabbing the warders.)
