



220. 




DANIEL ALLEN



, feloniously uttering a forged 10l. Bank of England note, with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH MEDLEY
. I reside at Herne-hill, Dulwich, with Mrs. Goulding as her companion; she is unwell and very aged; she does not usually see persons who call, only very intimate friends. On Sunday, 7th Nov., about the middle of the day, perhaps 2 o'clock, the prisoner called and asked me for change for a 10l. note—I said I would see if Mrs. Goulding could give him change, I came back and told him we could not, we were very much troubled to get small change up the Hill, and it did not suit to give him change—he said he wanted it because he had a new situation in view, and he was engaged—(I had before that given him money from Mrs. Goulding)—I did not change the note, or send him anywhere to get change—I did not know that he was going to get change—he left, and within an hour afterwards returned, and said he would pay 2l. towards the debt he owed Mrs. Goulding, which he paid to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How near is Mrs. Goulding's house to the Half-moon public house? A. About a quarter of a mile, or not so much—I have not known the prisoner long—he is not a relation of Mrs. Goulding—I do not know that he calls himself so—Mrs. Goulding's Christian name is Elizabeth—she has not also the name of Paulina. she has no other name—she is a very old friend of mine—I do not know that the prisoner has been to sea. I have heard so—Mrs. Goulding knew the prisoner's grandfather, who was a relation of hers, but we do not consider the prisoner a relation—his grandfather was Mrs. Goulding's cousin—the prisoner first came to Mrs. Goulding's in the middle of the summer, it might be July—he came to ask for money, and borrowed some of Mrs. Goulding.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What age is Mrs. Goulding? A. On the 5th of March she will be ninety; she is not bed-ridden, but she does not come out at all—I never saw the prisoner before July, when he came to ask for a little money for a situation he was going into, and I gave him 1l. from Mrs. Golding—he afterwards called again, and had 4l. more—when he came on Sunday, 7th Nov., he said if I would give him change for the note he would pay off 2l. of the debt he owed.





WILLIAM JOHN WEBB
. I keep the Half-moon, at Dulwich. On Sunday, 7th Nov., between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon, I was in my bar; the prisoner came in and asked me if 1 could change a 10l. note for Mrs. Goulding—I told him I could—(Mrs. Golding lives near me, and is a very charitable lady, making gifts on Sundays)—I gave the prisoner nine sovereigns and two half sovereigns, and he put this note on the counter—I asked him to put his name on the back of it, and he wrote this "P. Goulding" on it—he had a glass of ale and a cigar, for which he changed one of the half sovereigns, and then left—I paid the note into the Excise-office next day (Monday), and on the following Saturday it was returned to me stamped" Forged"—the prisoner was dressed quite differently to what he is now, he was quite respectable then, and wore a black coat, waistcoat, and cravat—I wrote nothing on the note, but can swear that this is the signature he put on it.

Cross-examined. Q. You change a good many Bank notes at the Halfmoon? A. Yes; I examined the note more closely after the prisoner left,

and did not like the appearance of it, still I paid it to the Excise—I had not known the prisoner before—this was on a Sunday—people dress differently on a Sunday in my neighbourhood.





WILLIAM PARTRIDGE
. I keep the Windmill public house, Claphamcommon. About the beginning of the second week in Nov., between 9 and 12 o'clock in the morning, a person very like the prisoner, but differently dressed, came and asked me to change a 5l. note—I have no doubt in my own mind that the prisoner is the man—he had the note in his hand; I said, "Who for?"—he said, "For Mrs. Gassiott, over the way"—I asked him to put Mrs. Gassiott's name on it, and got him a pen and ink inside the bar; he wrote "G. Lomax" on the note, and I gave him five sovereigns, I think, for it—this is it (produced); this is the person's writing on the back; there was no other writing on it at the time—I kept it till 12th Nov., and then paid it to Mr. Haddock, Messrs. Young and Bainbridge's collector, and it was returned to me on 16th, with "Forged" printed on it—I was standing behind the bar, saw the man coming in, and thought it was Mr. Gassiott's butler, and looked particularly at him, because Mr. Gassiott's butler wears a white neck handkerchief, and the man who came wore a dark one—it was not Mr. Gassiott's butler, and I have no doubt in my own mind that the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was he in the place? A. Five or six minutes; he was a long time writing the name.





MARGARET WRIGHT
. I keep the house, No. 21, Sherborne-street, Paddington. The prisoner lodged with me, up to about a fortnight or three weeks of his being taken, with a woman who I believe to be his wife, and a child—they occupied the front kitchen—I understood from him that he had been a sailor and an omnibus conductor—during the latter part of the time he was in my house he had no occupation—after he left, the officer, Pitt, came, and I pointed out to him the prisoner's lodging; it was about 12 or 1 o'clock in the night—the prisoner was a weekly tenant; he gave me no notice of his going away.





JOHN BAKER
. I lodge at No. 12, Shouldham-street. I remember the prisoner coming there on 13th Nov., about 11 o'clock in the evening—he lodged in my rooms, and slept in the same bed with me—he lodged there three nights altogether—he dressed in black—I was present when the police officer came—the room the prisoner lodged in was the top room back.





ELIZABETH GASSIOTT
. I am the wife of John Peter Gassiott. I never saw the prisoner before, and never gave him a 5l. note to get changed for me.





LIBERTY PITT
 (policeman, D 181). In consequence of information I obtained, I went on Saturday, 20th Nov., to the Windsor Castle, in Churchstreet, Edgeware-road, about half past 7 o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoner in front of the bar—I asked him if his name was not Allen; he said it was—I asked him if he would step outside just for a moment—he came out, and I asked him if he had not some friends living in the neighbourhood of Camberwell or Dulwich; he said he had—I asked him if he had not been there and changed a 10l. note—he said he had, about two Sundays ago—I told him it was a bad one, that I was a policeman, and took him into custody for it—(I was in plain clothes)—I told he must come to the station with me; he begged me to let him go—I told him he must come to the station, and the inspector could do as he liked; I took him there, and the inspector desired me to take him to Dulwich—I did so, and the landlord identified him directly—I took him back to Camberwell; he was locked up till the Monday, and then taken before a Magistrate, where he made a statement; he was then

remanded till the Monday afterwards, and committed for trial—I searched his lodging, at Mrs. Wright's, No. 21, Sherborne-street, on Sunday morning, 21st Nov., about 1 o'clock, after I returned from Dulwich—I went into the kitchen, by the direction of the landlady, and found on the dresser a pocketbook, and this card, with "George Gordon Lomax" on it (produced)—when I took him he had on a black coat and trowsers, a black satin necktie with long ends, and Wellington boots—I afterwards saw him in prison; he then had no waistcoat or under coat on, only a top coat, which was a worse one; the black satin tie was gone, and he had a red handkerchief—his dress was quite different to what it was when I apprehended him—about the beginning of Dec., nearly a fortnight after I apprehended him, I searched the other lodging, in Shouldham-street; I had not found it out before that time—this paletot, pair of trowsers, boots, and shirt, were handed to me by Mrs. Pradhall, the landlady of the beershop, as belonging to the prisoner—Mr. Baker was present—in the pocket of the coat I found a shirt front, and these two copies of the Police Gazette; part of one bears date 9th Nov., and the other 15th Nov.

Cross-examined. Q. You took him at one place, and found these things at another? A. Yes; I said to the prisoner," Have you been at Dulwich lately?"—he said, "Yes, two or three Sundays ago"—I said, "Have you any relations there?"—he said, "Yes, an aunt"—I said, "Did you change a 10l. note at the Half-moon?"—he said, "Yes"—I said it was a bad note, and took hold of his arm—he said, "Let go my arm; you will find I am a very different person from what you take me for; "I said, "I shall not let go of your arm till you go to the station"—as I was riding with him in the cab, he said he was heir to 30,000l. at Cambridge.





JOHN BAKER

re-examined. The prisoner slept with me for some nights—I saw this shirt front produced in his room, and asked him if I should get it washed for him, as he was from his home—he said, no, he would take it and get it washed at his laundress's—the coat produced is the one he used to wear—I was present before Mr. Elliott when the prisoner made a statement.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know the shirt front and coat? A. I have looked at them before—I know the front by its being buttoned in this way; there are no initials on it—there is no mark on the coat, but the lining is torn just by the sleeve—that is not an unusual thing.
(The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was here read, as follows:—"About three weeks and a half ago I went to see Sir Joseph Douglas, who is a friend of mine, in Duke-street, Adelphi, to get a berth on board a steamer to go to China; he called at my house previous to that, but I was not at home, and as I was coming back in the Strand I met a gentleman I thought I knew; his face was very much tanned, and I thought he had been abroad, and that I knew him; I ran after him, and said, 'Is your name Dyer?' he said, 'Yes; but I have no recollection of you;' I asked him if ever he had been on board the Hercules, at China. and he said he had, and since then he said he had been captain of the Rajaremri; he said, 'What is your name?' and I said, 'Allen,' and he shook hands with me and knew me; he was chief mate on board the Hercules, and I was second mate, ten years ago; we had several glasses together, and got three sheets in the wind, and I was with him all that day and the next, and he asked me if I was not going out to India again, and he said he had come home for his health; I told him I had not got money for my outfit, and he gave me this 10l. note, and told me he was going to the North to see his friends; he took my address, and said when he came back, if I wanted 5l. or 10l. more I could have it.")






WILLIAM WYBIRD
. I am inspector of notes to the Bank of England. I have examined this note; it is a forgery in every respect, and the paper is bad—this other note is also a forgery, and is of the same description as the other, and is the same kind of paper.

MR. PAYNE
to
LIBERTY PITT. Q. Did Mr. Partridge, in your presence, say he could not identify the prisoner from two other persons who were there? A. No; I did not say, "That is Allen," and Cook, the gaoler, did not then say, "I am ashamed of you; when I bring a party out to identify him, you point him out"—he said to the prisoner," You have seen my face before"—he made no answer, and I then said, "That is Allen."

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was that after Mr. Partridge had said to the prisoner, "You have seen my face before?" A. Yes, I believe it was.

Prisoner. He was at a loss to identify me; you pointed me out, and Mr. Cook said you ought to be ashamed to do it.
(William Squib, tobacconist, of No. 37, Princes-street; Jeremiah Keeble, a painter, of No. 23, Exeter-street, Lisson-grove; and M'Gee Pratt, oil and colourman, of No. 85, Lisson-grove, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Russell Gurney, Esq.

