



870. 




JOSEPH PERRY



, feloniously making counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.





HENRY JACKSON
 (police Sergeant, H 11). On 1st July I went to No. 32, King Edward-street, Mile-end New-town—I went to the top room—the door was open—the prisoner was standing by the side of the fireplace—when I entered he threw something white from his right hand, and stamped on it—I took him into custody with the assistance of Groves—I picked up what the prisoner threw down—I found it was a half crown, very hot, and some pieces of the mould—I found twelve bad half crowns on the hearth, in front of the fire—there was a brisk fire, on which was a ladle with some melted metal in it—I searched the other parts of the room—I found some ladles, this bottle of liquid, some sand, a galvanic battery, and a file—I searched the prisoner, and found a bad half crown in his waistcoat pocket, in a finished state—there were some holes in the floor—I broke one up—the prisoner said, "It is no use your breaking the boards up, you will find nothing else"—I have known the prisoner some time—he used to live in George-street, but he then lived in that room—Mr. Phillips keeps the house.

Prisoner. Q. When you came up stairs, where did you find me standing? A. On the right side of the fireplace—I told the other officer to secure you, and not to let you stir from the corner of the room—there is some white on the boot you had on—this is it (produced).





MARY ANN PHILLIPS
. I am the wife of George Phillips, of No. 32, King Edward-street. The prisoner lodged at our house three or four months; he

occupied the room which the officers searched—he paid the rent of the room—his wife lived with him; they paid 2s. a week.





HENRY GROVES
 (policeman, H 72). I was with the other officer—I produce eleven half crowns which were found in the prisoner's room, on the hearthstone, by the fire, lying on one another.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint. This part of a mould is the reverse side of a half crown, and this half crown was cast in it—it is not quite finished—this other one, found in the prisoner's pocket, is finished—it was cast in this same mould—these other eleven half crowns are all counterfeit, and from the same mould—here is everything here for coining; sand, blue-stone, and part of a galvanic battery used to plate the coins—this bottle contains blue-stone in a liquid state; some ladles and a file, which has filed some white metal, and here is some white metal and plaster of Paris on this shoe—here is part of a get—a brisk fire is necessary for this purpose.

Prisoner to
HENRY GROVES. Q. When you ascended the stairs, was the room door open? A. I believe it was on the jar—the other officer was in the room first, I followed him in; you were standing near the fireplace—I think I heard a noise when I was on the top stair—when the other officer handed you to me, I took you to the other side of the room—he took up a half crown that was mixed with a portion of plaster of Paris on the hearth—he put it in my hand, and said, "Is that warm?"—I said it was

Prisoner's Defence, The room does not belong to me; I had been in it two or three times a week; I had not been in it five minutes that day; there is no fastening to the door.




GUILTY
.† Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

