




377. 




MARY ANN BEADLE
, and 




ROBERT TURNER



, robbery on 



Richard Henry Green, and stealing one half-crown, from his person; Beadle having been before convicted.






RICHARD HENRY GREEN
. On Wednesday night, 26th Dec., between ten o'clock and half-past, I was walking in the Albany-road, and met Beadle—I cannot exactly say whether she began the conversation or I, but she asked me to give her some drink—I gave her a threepenny-piece—she would not go into a public-house to get anything, because I would not go in—she asked if I was going to give her anything else, and I gave her two fourpenny-pieces—she walked by my side, and I crossed the road with her, and I had scarcely got to the opposite side, when two men rushed out upon me from a dark turning—I believe Turner to be one of them, from his stature and dress, but I did not see his features—the one I believe to be Turner thrust me violently against the wall—they laid hold of my arms—the other bad the handle of a stick, and I felt at that time a touch at my right hand waistcoat pocket; the woman was near me at the time—I cannot exactly describe the position in which they were, it was done too quickly—I am quite positive of Beadle; she ran away while the men held me, after I felt the touch at my pocket—they held me for about two minutes—after they let me go, I missed a half-crown out of my right waistcoat pocket—I know it was there when I gave Beadle the two fourpenny-pieces, not above a minute before.

Beadle. Q. Had you a stick in your hand? A. Yes; I did not ask you if you would take anything to drink—you walked with me to a yard—when I gave you the two fourpenny-pieces you did not say you would not stop with me for that—I did not say I would have the money back, or I would strike you; there was not time for me to do so.

Turner. Q. What was the reason you ran across the road with your stick up? A. I did not; I do not recollect your coming up and saying, "Don't strike a female"—she did not run away till you had knocked me against the wall.





WILLIAM MAIDMENT
. I live in the Albany-road. I was standing there for a few minutes on the night in question, and saw the prosecutor cross the road with Beadle—he had no sooner got on the path, than Turner struck him with great violence against the wall; I am sure it was he; it was done close to the lamp-post—there was another young man there—they held the prosecutor for a few minutes, and he instantly hallooed "Police!" and they both ran away—I did not see what Beadle did; she was by when the men held him.

Beadle. Q. Did not he say he was going to strike me, because I ran away with his two fourpenny-bits? A. No; Turner said to him, "Don't strike a female," and he said, "I am not going to"—he only put up his stick to save himself, and he had no sooner got his stick up than he was thrown, with great violence, against the wall.





LEWIS BRAY
 (policeman, P 105). About half-past ten o'clock, on this night, I was in the Albany-road, and met the prosecutor—next morning, at

seven, I found the prisoners in bed together, at 25, North-street, Lock's fields—I told them they were charged with robbing a gentleman of half-a-crown—they said they knew nothing about it—I had seen them together the night before, about ten minutes previous to my receiving the information, and Turner's father and mother with them.





JAMES HUNTLEY
 (policeman, P 332). I heard the cry of "Police!" this night—I ran, but found no one—I had seen the prisoners together, about ten minutes before, in front of the public-house, near where the robbery happened.





GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (police-sergeant P 1). I produce a certificate—(read—Mary Beadle, convicted March, 1848, of larceny, from the person, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—she is the person.

BEADLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

TURNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for seven Years.


Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

