



1009. 




STEPHEN RESTIEUX



, feloniously uttering a forged 5l. Bank of England note; with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
GIFFARD
conducted the Prosecution.

(MR. ROBINSON, on behalf of the prisoner, objected to
MR. CLAMOR
opening to the
JURY
evidence of the uttering of forged notes, subsequently to the one in question;
MR. CLARKSON
stated, that he offered it as proof of guilty knowledge, and that it was the constant practice to do so. The
COURT
having consulted, MR. JUSTICE ERLE
was of opinion that evidence could be given of a subsequent uttering, occurring about the same time as that in question, and as in this case the subsequent uttering being within a fortnight of the former one, the evidence was receivable).





HANNAH BANFIELD
. I was lately assisting Mr. Brown, a baker, of No. 3, High Holborn, as shop woman; it is a post—office as well. On 27th July, a little before 9 o'clock in the morning the prisoner came, and I served him with a penny loaf, which he paid me for with 1d.—he then said,

"This is a post-office, I will take 1l. worth of stamps if you will give me change for a 5l. note"—he gave me a note folded which I took into Mr. Brown, who came into the shop and gave the prisoner the change, and I gave him the stamps—he said he would take 30s. worth of stamps, and I gave him an additional 10s. worth—I have not the least doubt that the prisoner is the man—I saw him next in the cell at Bow—street with many others, and picked him out.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Were you told that he was there? A. No; I understood that he was at the station from Brown, who said he had apprehended the prisoner the day previous—it was on a Wednesday, in the beginning of Aug. that I saw him—nearly a fortnight after I saw him in the shop—I had never seen him before—I do not know Franks—I had never seen him before, but he may have been in the shop without my taking any notice of him, as so many persons come to the shop; we have a great many customers.





EDWIN CHARLES BROWN
. I keep a baker's shop and post—office, in Holborn. On Wednesday, 27th July, about 9 o'clock in the morning my servant brought me this 5l. note (produced), it was very yellow and dirty—I put it in my cash box—I had other notes there, two 10l. and one 5l. notes, and I paid them away about 1 o'clock to Mr. Potter, who came from the Post—office (MR. Potter calls one week, and Mr. Gray another week, they come on Thursdays)—the other 5l. note in the cash box was clean—I paid Mr. Potter 30l., two 10l. notes and two 5l. notes, one of which was the one that I received from the prisoner—it is my practice to put the Post—office stamp upon the notes I pay to Mr. Potter—this "Holborn Ban," in green ink is the stamp I so put on—I saw the prisoner leave the shop—there was no writing on the note when I received it—these two 10l. and this 5l. note (produced), are the other notes I paid to Mr. Potter; they are stamped in the same way, and I swear to them—on the following day I saw Mr. Potter, and, he returned me the dirty 5l. note.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any independent recollection of where you got this genuine 5l. note, except from what is on it? A. No; I cannot tell you who I took the two 10l. notes of—I am in the habit of taking a good many notes, but it is only those that I pay to the Post-office that I stamp in this way—I cannot positively swear to the prisoner, but to the best of my belief, he is the man—my cashbox locks, and I keep the key; when my wife goes to it she has to ask me for the key, if she does not know where to find it; she goes to it when she likes, but she does not generally give change for notes—I know Franks by seeing him come into the shop occasionally—I cannot tell how long he has been a customer—I have been in the shop three years, and his face is not very familiar to me, but I recognised his features.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you recollect Franks coming to the shop in Aug. when you were complaining of the loss? A. Yes; and I saw him—I am perfectly sure that I took this 5l. note on that day, at 9 o'clock; I had put no other notes into the cashbox before the collector came.





CHARLES JAMES POTTER
. I am a collector in the service of the Post-office; it is my duty to collect the money received from the office keepers for postage matters—on 27th July, I received these four notes produced, from Mr. Brown, of High Holborn, and on reaching the General Post—office, I made my mark on them—they were, according to the ordinary practice, sent to the Bank of England next day to be carried to the public account

—one of them was returned to me on the 28th—that was the dirty note; I immediately returned it to Mr. Brown.





WILLIAM CROFTS
. I am clerk to Richard Baines Armstrong, of Staple Inn. This is my mark upon this clean 5l. note, that was written on it before I parted with it—if I want change, I give a note to the junior clerk to get it.





GEORGE KINGSTON
. I am barman to Mr. Wakeford, the landlord of the Red Lion public house, Batty—street, Commercial—road East. On Friday, 11th Aug., the prisoner came to the bar between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon, and called for a quartern of gin and a cigar; he paid me with a 6d., and then asked me if I could give him change for a 10l. note, pulling one out of his pocket, and handing it to me—I handed it to my master in the bar parlour—I looked at it; it was pasted at the back with two strips of postage stamp edging, the same as this one (produced)—here are to distinct strips of paper in it—MR. Wakeford then came out, and asked the prisoner to write his name and address on the back of it; a pen and ink were supplied to him, and he wrote something on the back of the note and handed it to Mr. Wakeford again, who looked at it, and said that it was so small and indistinct he could not read it, and declined changing it—the prisoner then said that his was a foreign name, and gave Mr. Wakeford a card to prove his respectability; Mr. Wakeford still refused to change it—before he gave the card he asked Mr. Wakeford to produce another note; Mr. Wakeford did so, and handed it to the prisoner, who folded it up, rubbed it with his hands, and then said it was a new note and would not look the same as his, it had not been worn so, and that his was an old note—this (produced) is the card he handed to my master—MR. Wakeford still refused to change the note, and the prisoner left the shop taking it with him—on Wednesday, 23rd Aug., I accompanied my master to the police court, Bow—street—I believe this 10l. note to be the one I handed to my master from the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not before the Magistrate? A. Yes, I was examined—the prisoner went away about ten minutes after giving the card—I did not make any inquiries about him—I did not at the time notice these words, "Price 1d. per label," on the paper on the back of the note—I merely noticed that it was a bit of paper of this size and colour.

MR. CLAKSON. Q. Did you notice whether it was adhesive paper? A. Yes, I did, when the note was first given to me.





THOMAS WAKEFORD
. I am the landlord of the Red Lion, Batty—street, Commercial—road East. I was in my parlour on this afternoon; Kingston brought me this 10l. note to change for a customer—I examined it, went out, saw the prisoner, and asked him to write his name and address on it—he wrote something on the note, but so illegibly that I could not see it, and told him so—he asked me if I had any doubt about the note, and said his name was Restieux—I said I had no reason to doubt it—he asked me if I had another note—I produced a 10l. note, and handed it to him—he rubbed it in his hand, which he said would give it the same appearance as his note—I unfolded it, and said that my note had a very different appearance to his, and that I could trace no watermark in his note—I believe he then said, "If you have any doubt about it, don't change it"—I said, "You will excuse me, I must decline changing it"—he gave me this card (produced) to prove his respectability, and then left—I have had it in my possession

ever since—this is the 10l. note produced by the prisoner; I have not the slightest doubt about it.





GEORGE FRANKS
. I am a law stationer by business, and live at No. 39, Southampton—buildings, Holborn. In Aug. I was managing the business of Messrs. Atkinson, of 94, Chancery—lane—I have known the prisoner three years and upwards; he was in the habit of coming to see me at Mr. Atkinson's daily, or nearly so—when I have been obliged to go away, I have frequently left him in charge of the shop—I remember his apprehension; about a week previous to that, he came to Messrs, Atkinson's to me, and said that he had hit upon a dodge that would be of advantage to me as well as to himself, of making money—he enjoined secrecy on my part, that I was not to mention what it was if I did not approve of it—he then produced a 5l. note to me, told me that it was a duffer, and asked me what I thought of it—I looked at it, and told him I thought the paper was too thick—he said that I should not have known it was a duffer, if he had not told me—I said, "Perhaps not"—he said he could get them for 1l., and 10l. notes for 30s.; and if in receiving money for my employers in the shape of notes I would ring the changes, we could divide the profits between us; that is, to take one of his notes, and substitute it for the other—I declined having anything to do with it, and said that my books would show all notes I had, and that I could not show any note transaction without producing the persons from whom I received them—a day, or not more than two days afterwards, he adverted to the subject again, and pressed me to have something to do with the notes; I declined, and he said that the notes passed without difficulty, and that they went to the Bank without detection; that there was no fear, and that he had done one himself in Holborn, and one down Commercial—road way, but did not mention the place—on a subsequent occasion, probably next day, or a day or two afterwards, he produced to me a 10l. note, and asked me what I thought of it—I said I liked the appearance of that much better than the other, but still I declined having anything to do with it—he still endeavoured to persuade me, but I declined, and was perplexed in my own mind as to what method I should adopt; I thought it dangerous having any connection with any such transactions—on the last occasion, or last but one, he said if he was detained, or any inquiry made, would I state that I had given him the note, and my being in a respectable position, and admitting it, no further inquiry would be made—I am frequently in Mr. Brown's shop, and I went in there accidentally when he was making a statement about a 5l. note; having heard which I gave information to the police, and the prisoner was apprehended—I had one conversation with the prisoner previous to my giving information—I gave information on the same day as the last conversation; that was the day before his apprehension, and a fortnight or three weeks after I had been in Mr. Brown's shop—on the evening before his apprehension, and after I had given information to the police, the prisoner came to me between 8 and 9 o'clock (I had given information between 4 and 5 o'clock that same day)—he came to endeavour to persuade me to pass some of these notes, and produced an old 10l. note with a patch on the back of it—this (produced) is it—he said he had some difficulty in changing it, as it was so defaced, and he wanted to make it appear that it had been in circulation, by having some names on the back, and wanted me to put my name; I declined doing so—he said he thought I was going to be treacherous to him, as I would not aid him—I said, "No"—he said what hesitation could I have, "Write Brown, Jones, or Robinson, or any other name"—I ultimately wrote,

"William Johnson, 144, Strand"—I wrote it purposely in red ink, that I might know it again—he then asked me to put the date, and I put "12: 8: 04."

Cross-examined. Q. You put the date of the transaction itself? A. No—I put another date, at his request, to make it appear some days ago—I put 12:8: 54," at his request; this was after I had given information—I met a policeman in the Strand, whom I had known cursorily before, and gave information to him—I was very much shocked, and determined to have nothing to do with it—I knew the expression duffer in other things, in watches—I was charged eight or nine years ago, and Mr. Clarkson defended me—it was for being connected with a solicitor's clerk in getting a stamp allowed at the Stamp—office—it was for making a false affidavit—I only got two days' imprisonment as a sentence, as I had been in prison about five weeks—I have not been in any difficulty since; that I swear—my house was never burned down, nor the premises, nor were they ever on fire—I have never been charged with attempting to defraud an insurance office—I think the next time I saw the prisoner, after he had mentioned about the duffer, was at the South Eastern Railway; I used to be employed there, and he used to come there to me, and likewise to the shop in Chancery—lane, in the evening—it was in 1848 that I was convicted—I have been calculating it, and I have found now that it is six years ago—it was in June—the prisoner has met me at the railway, and dined with me; it was only on three or four occasions that he told me what a good thing I could make of it—it was on the last occasion that he said he hoped I was not going to be treacherous—I told him I was not going to do anything of the kind, and said, "What should make you think so?"—I might have said, "No," but I said, "What should make you think so?"—I cannot say that I did say, "No"—I did not know Mr. Brown, to speak to him, previous to this transaction, but I have dealt at his shop for the last eighteen months—I have had cash transactions with the prisoner, but never any notes.





JAMES BROWN
 (policeman, F 142). On Tuesday, 15th Aug., I took the prisoner, in the Strand, and told him he was charged with uttering a forged 5l. note at the corner of Gray's Inn—lane—he said, "I don't know anything about it; you have made a mistake in the person"—I searched him at the station, and found on him this 10l. note, which I took to the Bank of England, by my inspector's directions—they took it to some place to be stamped, and it was then returned to me, with the word "Forged" on it.





ROBERT MACKENZIE
 (police inspector). I was at the Bow—street police station when the prisoner was brought there by Brown—I took the charge, and asked him his name and address—he said his name was Stephen Restieux, and that he resided at No. 17, Ebury—street, Pimlico, and was a bottled ale and stout merchant, and had stores at Hungerford—market—upon the forged 10l. note being found upon him, I explained to him the charge, of having it in his possession, with intent to circulate it, and that whatever account he gave of it would be inquired into, and if it was reasonable he would have the benefit of it, but until that inquiry was made I should detain him—he stated that he received the note from a man named Franks, residing at No. 94, Chancery—lane, a few days before, to make a purchase—about 1 o'clock, when the prisoner was waiting the result of the inquiry at the Bank, Franks came to the station, and inquired for Restieux—I asked his name and address, in the prisoner's presence—he said, "Franks, No. 96, Chancery—lane"—I said, "You are the person, I dare say, mentioned by the prisoner as giving him the 10l. note?"—he said, "No; I have not had any

money transaction with him for some time," and that he never gave him a 10l. note at all—I have endeavoured to find the persons whose names and addresses are on the back of the note, but could not find any person answering to them—there is no such house as No. 144, Strand; the numbers go from 143 to 145.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen Franks before? A. Yes, as a witness, at the station, charging a solicitor's clerk with an assault, about twelve mouths ago.





JAMES BARTON
. I am one of the inspectors of Bank notes to the Bank of England. This 5l. note is forged in every particular, and so is the 10l. note—I have not the slightest doubt about them—they are on very different paper to the Bank paper—there is no water mark, but only a surface mark.

Cross-examined. Q. It is rather thick paper? A. Yes, very clumsy; the engraving does not appear to me to be good—the figures are so clumsily done, if you put a genuine one against it you will notice it directly.

MR. CLARKSON
to
GEORGE FRANKS. Q. Did you ever give a 10l. note to the prisoner? A. Never, nor a note of any description.





JAMES BROWN

re-examined. I apprehended the prisoner in consequence of a communication made to me by Franks on the previous evening.
(Charles Purchase, a farmer, of Long—yard, and James Hall, a coachmaker, of No. 8, Chester-place, Grays Inn—road, game the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

