



1677. 




CHARLES BENTLEY



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



William Jones on the forehead, with intent to resist his lawful apprehension.


MR. COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM JONES
 (police-sergeant, L 21). On 20th Aug., sergeant Wright made a communication to me, and I went into a public-house and saw four men—he pointed out two who he said had committed a robbery; the prisoner was one—I took hold of him on one side, and Wright on the other, and two policemen took charge of the other man—Wright said, "I want you on suspicion of a highway robbery"—on the sill of the door the prisoner said, "I will not go further unless you tell me what it is"—Wright said, "I want you on suspicion of a robbery"—he said, "I will see you b—g—d before I will go with you; you shall not take me"—he immediately threw Wright down in the kennel—I fell with him—he was very violent, and kicked me several times—I remained on the ground about a minute and a half—he threw me down repeatedly on the road to the station—when we got opposite the stage-door of the Victoria Theatre, he struck me on the back of my head with a life-preserver—I recovered myself, and received another blow on the forehead from him, and fell senseless—I know nothing more—I found myself in a doctor's shop—the skin was broken—I am labouring under the effect of it now—I am not able to do duty now.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had you your truncheon with yon? A. No; I was not on duty—there were two other constables in uniform, and another in private clothes—we were surrounded by a number of thieves—there were four constables to one man, and two to the prisoner—he was trying to get away the whole time.





JOHN WRIGHT
 (police-sergeant, M 3). On 15th Aug., I received information that Alfred Greenland had been knocked down and robbed—I made inquiry, and apprehended Davis, who was convicted yesterday (see last case), and the prisoner, on a charge of being concerned in it—my inquiry fixed suspicion upon him—on 20th Aug., about four o'clock in the afternoon, I went in private clothes to the Olive Branch, Waterloo-road, with sergeant Jones, and two policemen in uniform—we found the prisoner there—I told him I wanted him on suspicion of being concerned in a robbery, and he must go with me to the station—Jones then laid hold of one hand, and I of the other—after we got out, he said, "Oh, it is you, Mr. Wright, is it?" (I had seen him before)—he said he would see me b—before he would go to the station, and began to be very violent—I was sent on my back in the gutter, and the other two on the top of me—I received several kicks from the prisoner, and he struck me several times—I got up, and saw him strike Sergeant Jones with a life-preserver twice, the last time was over the eye—he ran away, brandishing the life-preserver—I saw blood running down Jones's face—I ran after the prisoner—he knocked me down senseless with the life-preserver, and got away.


Cross-examined. Q. You have not been before the Magistrate? A. I was at Bow-street when the prisoner was committed on the last charge—he had escaped, and he was taken on that charge; then the matter came before the Commissioners, and they gave me authority to prefer this charge, I could not have preferred it without—there is no attorney in the case—I did not take my truncheon out, I had no opportunity.





GEORGE ATKINSON
 (policeman, M 90). I was with the sergeants, and saw the prisoner strike Sergeant Jones, with a life-preserver, on the forehead—I have heard what the previous witnesses have stated; it is correct.





CHARLES ANSELL
. I was with the two sergeants—I saw the prisoner kick Sergeant Jones several times, and knock him down—I did not see the blow in question.





HENRY KNIGHT
. I am assistant to Mr. Sewell, a surgeon, of 59, Lower Marsh, Lambeth. Jones was brought there with a wound on the forehead—I examined it; it went to the bone, and was an inch long—it might have caused death—he remained insensible a quarter of an hour after he was brought in—he was not fit to go on duty afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say the blow as it was, might have caused death? A. It is not at all unlikely; the scalp is about one-eighth of an inch thick at that part.





WILLIAM GEORGE FRANKLIN
 (policeman, M 72). I took the prisoner on the 7th Sept., and found this life-preserver in his trowsers pocket—his brother was with him—they were both in charge—Davis was with them.





THEODORE LODD
. I am partner to the divisional surgeon. I attended Jones; it was some days before he could leave his bed—his forehead was very much contused and lacerated—he had a very serious injury across the loins, and very serious bruises—this life-preserver would produce the injuries, but it mast have been used with considerable force.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he appear a great deal shaken? A. Yes; it was all the injuries together that put him into that state—his kidneys must have been injured, for the urine was tinged with blood for some days—that might have been produced by a fall.





EDWARD WOOD
. I gave a description to Sergeant Wright of three men who I saw present at the robbery, and before and after it.





JOHN WRIGHT

re-examined. It was in consequence of that information that I took the prisoner.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Russell Gurney, Esq.

