




573. 




WILLIAM HUGHES



, stealing 1 wrapper, 36 pieces of linen, and 36 yards calico, value 1l. 16s.; the goods of 



Robert Lamond: having been before convicted: and 





ELLEN MURPHY



, for receiving the same.






ELIZABETH LAMOND
. I am the wife of Robert Lamond, of 4, Martha-street. On 29th Jan. I gave Hughes a dozen shirts to carry—I did not know him before—I was to give him 4d. for it—I walked along with him, and when we got to Whitechapel Church he ran away—they were worth 35s.—when they are made up they are worth 3s. 9d. each—I saw the prisoner next day, and asked what he had done with the work; he said he had sold it, and I gave him into custody—the things have all been found except six dozen buttons—these (produced) are them—they were in this wrapper.





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (policeman, K 212). I took Hughes, and told him he was charged with stealing the shirts—he said, "I will tell you the truth, I have sold them in Glasshouse-street, Rosemary-lane, for 2s. 3d:"—I said, "2s. 3d., shirts worth 2l. 5s.?"—he said, "Yes"—we went to Glasshouse-street, and I left Hughes there in charge of another constable, while I went to Chamber-street; found Murphy, and told her to consider herself in my custody, on suspicion of buying shirts of a boy which were stolen—she said yes she bought them, and gave 2s. 3d. for them, and another woman promised to give half—I went with her to 4, Glasshouse-street, and there found eight of these shirts made up; and at No. 5, received the other four in a wrapper—Murphy lives at No. 57.





MARY DALY
. I live at 4, Glasshouse-street. Murphy left half-a-dozen shirts with me to be made up—I asked who they belonged to—she said, "To Charley, who is saving up money to go to America"—Charley is her brother, not the prisoner Hughes.

Hughes's Defence. She gave me the bundle to carry, and she went one way and I the other.





JOHN PUTT
 (policeman, K 179). I produce a certificate—(read—


Clerkenwell, William Hughes, convicted Oct. 1849; confined six months)—I was present—Hughes is the person.

HUGHES—


GUILTY
. **†Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MURPHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Three Months.

