





131. 




GEORGE REID,



 JOHN JOSEPH HAMILTON
, and 




CHARLES CLIFFORD



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Andrew Carpenter, and stealing the sum of 9l. 12s., 1 pair of boots, 2lbs. weight of tea, and other articles, value 1l. 13s. 2d., and four orders for payment, together of 60l. 7s.; the property of the said Andrew Carpenter: Reid having been before convicted. They were each further charged in three separate Counts with feloniously receiving the said property, &c:.



REID
pleaded Guilty to the receiving, and the former conviction.

MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ANDREW CARPENTER
. I am a grocer at 25, London-street, Greenwich.
On Friday night, 28th Nov., I went to bed about 11 o'clock, leaving everything secure—the skylight was closed and fastened down by its own weight—I came down next morning about half-past 7 (my servant Susan Cooper

had been down before that), and missed all the money from two tills—there was about from 10s. to 15s. in halfpence, and between 1l. and 2l. in silver—I missed a bunch of keys from my desk, and a cash-box containing 9l. in gold, and some checks for various amounts—there was one for 44l., and two others for 5l. each—the desk had not been locked—I had seen the cash-box safe about 10 the night before—I found that a butter-tub under the skylight had been removed, which would be necessary for any one to get in that way—the policeman, Carpenter, came and examined the place—on the roof we found a dark-lantern, and the tub which had been removed was passed on to the next house—I also lost a pair of Wellington boots—these (produced) are them, and this is the cash-box (produced)—I next saw it on 2nd Dec.—I have not got the money back—I missed some tea, and a quantity was found strewn about on the ground—this (produced) is of the same quality, but I cannot identify it; the canister is mine—I missed three pieces of citron, and there is a portion of one produced—I know I had a battered penny, but I cannot swear that the one produced is it—my house is in the parish of St.
Alphage, Greenwich.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. I suppose you have a great many battered pennies passed at your shop? A. Not many; occasionally—I know the cash-box by its general appearance, and the key fitting it—the keys have been found—there is nothing remarkable about the canister, there may be millions of them—I have had the cash-box sixteen years.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (police-sergeant, R 38). On 29th Nov. I received information from the prosecutor, and examined the premises—I found the darklantern directly outside the skylight, and there were marks just inside the window on a board where there had been dust, as if a person had gone in over that board—in consequence of information, I watched the house, 1, Vicarage-terrace, Church-passage, Greenwich, for two nights and two days—during that time I saw all the three prisoners there repeatedly—I saw Hamilton and Clifford go out and in a great many times—I saw Clifford come out, and turn round, and look about apparently to see if he was watched—on the night of 3rd Dec, about 2 o'clock in the morning, he came out, and was looking about again—about 10 the same morning, the 4th, he came out again with Reid, and I and another constable followed them to the corner of the Greenwich-road, which is the nearest point to the police-station—I got assistance and apprehended them—Reid asked me what I wanted of him—I said, "If you will come across the road I will tell you"—across the road was the police-station, where I took him and told him he was charged with a burglary in the house of Mr. Carpenter, a cheesemonger and tea-dealer, in London-street, Greenwich,—he said, "I know nothing at all about it, you are mistaken, I had nothing at all to do with it"—Clifford was there and heard what passed—I said, "Well, if you had nothing to do with that, you are also charged with being an escaped convict"—I searched him, and in his pocket I found a pistol percussion cap, a sixpence, four pence, a handkerchief, and a ring—I asked where he lived, and he refused to give any address—I then went to 1, Vicarage-terrace, where I had seen them leave—the door was opened by the prisoner Hamilton's wife, and I told Hamilton, who was there, that he was charged with being concerned with his father-in-law, and a person named Clifford-Reid is the father of Clifford, and also of Hamilton's wife-Clifford's and Reid's real name is Cuss ell; I only know that by inquiry-Hamilton said, "I am innocent of anything that has occurred; it was my father who broke into the house and not me; I was in bed at the time it was done"—he said, "I will tell you all I know about it; it was my father and brother and not me; I know

nothing about it"—and he said his brother had been drawn into it by the father—I said, in the presence of Hamilton and his wife, "I am looking for a cash-box and some checks,' and I know you have them in this house"—the wife said, "The cash-box is in the house, but the checks have been destroyed, we persuaded father to send them back, but they were burned"—on the parlour side-board I found this pistol (produced)—it was then loaded with powder, ball, and cap—I have discharged it, this is the bullet (produced)—I also found a dozen nutmegs—I went up-stairs, Hamilton and his wife going with me, the wife saying, "I will show you where everything is that is in the house," and she produced from a cupboard in Hamilton's bed-room this canister of tea, and also a bundle of tea which I have put into the canister—I found some citron in the same cupboard—in an adjoining room, used as a parlour, I found the box and keys, and on the side-board this other pistol loaded with powder, ball, and cap (produced)—in a little mahogany box, used as a money-box, I found these farthings and halfpence and some foreign coin (produced)—I afterwards went into the kitchen, and in a chest which Hamilton unlocked for roe, I found these percussion-caps, a bag of bullets, and a mould (produced). and this box of gunpowder in another room—the bullets correspond with those I took from the pistols, and the caps are of exactly the same description and quality, and also the same as the one I found in Reid's pocket—I also found some papers relating to the prisoner Reid.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. How long have you known Hamilton? A. Only from 2nd to 4th—I have made inquiries about him, the result of which is that he has been a most respectable man up to the present time—I have prosecuted those inquiries with my usual vigilance—he has three children by Reid's daughter—Reid lived in the house also—I know he had slept there two nights—I never saw him out of it before I took him—Hamilton and his wife gave me every information in their power.





ANDREW CARPENTER

re-examined. These are my keys—they were stolen with the box—I did not miss the nutmegs; they were taken from a quantity.





SUSAN COOPSR
. I am the prosecutor's servant. On this morning I got up at a little before 6 o'clock—I did not miss anything—I am sure no person either entered or went out of the house from the time I got up till Mr. Carpenter came down at half-past 7.





JAMES WILLIAM CROUCH
 (policeman, R 118). I was with Carpenter when he took Reid, I took Clifford, and told him he must go with me to the station—he said, "What for?"—I said I would tell him when I got there—when we got there he asked what I wanted with him—I told him he was charged with being concerned with this man, pointing to Reid, in breaking into Mr. Carpenter's shop, and robbing him—he said he knew nothing about it—I asked him what that man's name was, pointing to Reid, he said he did not know; be knew nothing of him—he gave his own name as Gabriel Cussell, and afterwards said his name was Charles Clifford—I do not know his real name; he is a stranger to me—I searched him, and found one half-crown, a sixpence, two pence, one halfpenny, and two farthings—this is one of the pennies (produced)—I went to the house, and in the back-parlour found a pair of Wellington boots and a receipt stamp, and up stairs I found a bag containing six sovereigns, one half-sovereign, and a two-shilling piece.





JOSIAH TURNER
 (policeman, R 307). I assisted Carpenter in searching the house, and in a cupboard in the front-parlour I found a small crowbar, a screw-driver, a chisel, and two gimlets.






JOHN ROBERTS
 (a boy). I mm shopman to Mr. Carpenter. I swear to this penny-piece having been in Mr. Carpenter's shop—I had laid it aside with other battered money—we had had it several weeks—I recognised it when the police brought it on 4th Dec., six days after the robbery.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you swear to it by? A. Its general appearance; I would swear to peas by their general appearance, or coffin-nails, or beans—I was never a witness before—I cannot say how many battered pieces we have—I cannot describe any other one.





GEORGE SHERWOOD HUDSON
. I live in Church-street, Greenwich; the house, 1, Vicarage-terrace, is mine. At the end of Oct. or beginning of Nov., in consequence of what my son told me, I went to Cross-street, Bethnal-green, respecting the letting of the house—I there saw Reid, Hamilton, and his wife—I told them, in consequence of their calling at my house the day before, I understood they wanted the house, and I had called to know if it suited, and likewise for a reference—they said it would suit them, the wife showed me their present rent-book, which was well paid up, and the father said he had just come home from tea in the Poictiers—a few days afterwards they called on me, gave me a deposit, and in a few days after that Reid called for the key—about a fortnight afterwards Hamilton called on me about some taxes that bad been called for—I afterwards called at the house, and saw somebody sitting at the fire who may have been Clifford, but I cannot undertake to swear it was him.

Cross-examined. Q. Who paid the deposit? A. Hamilton's wife; but they were all present—they paid me 2l. 12s. 6d.—I understood Hamilton's master was a tripe-dresser, but I did not go to him—Hamilton was to take the house—Reid called for the key, and I never saw him afterwards—the house has six rooms; the rent is 16l. a year.

Clifford's Defence. My sister came and asked me to mind the place while they went out, and she gave me that penny to get some beer with; they did not come home till late, and then asked me to stop that night; next morning my father said he was going to London, and I went out with him; I was at home in bed at the time of the robbery.
(Hamilton received an excellent character.)

REID—



GUILTY
of Burglary
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Fourteen Years
.

CLIFFORD—



GUILTY
of Burglary. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.
—




Confined Twelve Months
.

HAMILTON—



GUILTY
of Receiving. Aged 29.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor.
—




Confined Three Months
.
(MR. ROBINSON
stated that Reid had once had sentence of 
death recorded against him, and had been twice transported for life, but had twice escaped and returned to this country in Oct.; he also stated that the police-constable, Carpenter, was 2l. out of pocket by the expenses incurred in taking the prisoners, and had risked great danger in their apprehension. The
Court
ordered a reward of 5l. to be paid to Carpenter.)
