



628. 




MICHAEL CRAWLEY



, stealing 1 watch, value 4l., the goods of 



James Alfred Cooper, from his person.


MR. METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES ALFRED COOPER
. I am grainer, and live in Medway-street, Horseferry-road; on 11th April, about 9 o'clock in the evening, I was coming down on the right hand side of Holborn-hill, the side the church is—I was nearly at the bottom of the hill, walking with Ann Davis—as I was walking along I saw number of persons—I cannot say how many—there was sham fight going on between two men—I believe it to have been a sham fight—the other persons were round them—in going through these people Miss Davis said someone had hold of her dress, near the pocket—I did not stop at all to look at the fight—I was surrounded, and could not get on—I turned round, and there was jerk at silver guard chain which was round my neck, and I missed my own watch directly—I turned round, and saw my watch in the prisoner's hand—I saw portion of it—the ring and the knob were out of his hand—it was very large watch—I do not think a man of his size could grasp it in his hand—I could not do it myself—the prisoner then ran away, and ran up court, and some persons stopped me from going up—he was let up the court, and I was not—when I lost my watch I was trying to get the female out of the crowd—I said, "It is only a lark, take care of your pocket"—when the prisoner entered the court I was almost within arm's length of him, running close behind him—the court was about as far from where I lost my watch as to the corner of this court—I believe the prisoner is the man who took the watch. (MR. PAYNE
commenced a cross-examination of this witness; but the prisoner stating that he desired to conduct his own defence, MR. PATNE
returned his brief.)

Prisoner. Q. How far was the court from where you were robbed? A. About as far as to this door in the corner—I cannot say how far the court is from Farringdon-street, I am not acquainted enough with the place—when they fetched you to the station to me there was only you and I in private clothes—there were several policemen there—they said, "Come here," and "Come here" to look at you—I was looking at you for minute or more—it was not five minutes—I will swear I was not in the station five minutes—I did not say you was the man—I said, "That is sufficient"—that was to the same effect as saying you was the man—I looked at you enough to be satisfied—I did not tell the Alderman I believed you was the man, 1 said 1 could swear you was the man—the policeman did not say he had the man apprehended—he said he, had man on suspicion of stealing my watch—the officer first asked who I was, and what my business was, and he asked if I had any witnesses—I said no, and I was about to leave the place, and he called me back, and you were then standing at the bar, and I said, "That is sufficient"—I will swear he did not say he had apprehended the prisoner—he did not say anything of the kind to me.

COURT. Q. When did you see the prisoner again? A. I think it was two days after I lost the watch, I saw him at the station house—I was busy at the time, and got in disgrace for being out so long.





SAMUEL PIPER
. I lived at that time at No. 71, Holborn-hill—it is on the

right hand side coming down—on the evening this occurred I was in company with a friend of mine, standing at the bottom of the hill—I saw the last witness coming down the hill with a female—he was ten or a dozen yards from me—I saw the prisoner and ten or twelve more in company, standing up against a house, and all on a sudden they got up a sham fight between them, and enclosed the prosecutor and the female in the mob—the fight began just as he got to them, and it ceased in about two minutes—it was very soon over—I heard a female scream, and saw the prisoner run out of the mob into the road—the prosecutor followed him—the prisoner turned up Plumtree-court—the prosecutor stopped there—I afterwards heard he was stopped in going up—I suppose the prosecutor was within three or four yards of the prisoner—I have not the slightest doubt that the prisoner is the person—I was within about half a dozen yards of him—I had a full opportunity of seeing him.

Prisoner. Q. Did you take notice of my dress? A. I took no particular notice of your dress; I know your features, you had a dark jacket or coat on I think—I was standing at the corner of Farringdon-street, at the bottom of the hill—the sham fight was not half a dozen yards from me—I saw you running in the road, and the prosecutor after you—you had a jacket or a coat on—it was about a quarter past 9 o'clock—it was not very light—I was looking at you, I was watching the whole of you—there was a parcel of you—I did not see you take the watch—I saw the prosecutor at the corner, I did not see him stopped—I did not see inside the court, it was too dark—I did not follow you to the court to see if you was the man, there was no necessity for that—there was not a great mob, there was a mob—the pavement was stopped for a few moments, the number of people stopped the passengers—you ran in the road out of the mob—I did not see through a body of people, but I saw you run in the road.

Prisoner. Q. He was on one side the mob, and I ran on the other side; how could he distinguish a man at dark night?.

MR. METCALFE. Q. Was there plenty of light outside the court? A. Yes; I do not know how near the gas is; there was light from a house at the corner.

COURT. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. Yes; I have seen him in a dozen different dresses—he is frequently about the neighbourhood.





FREDERICK LUMLEY
. I live in Long-lane, Smithfield. I was talking that evening to the last witness on Holborn-hill—I saw the prisoner, he got up a sham fight, and I saw him run out of the mob and run up Plumtree-court—the prosecutor was running after him—I have not the least doubt that the prisoner is the person—I have seen him before—I knew him by sight.

Prisoner. Q. Did you take notice how I was dressed? A. I did not; I saw your face from the gas light at the poulterer's shop—I will swear that—I will swear it was a sham fight, and I will swear to your face—I was at the corner of Farringdon-street—I should say the fight was not two yards from me.

Prisoner. Q. The other man said it was six; you was on one side the mob, and 1 ran out on the other side? A. Yes; 1 did not see you through the mob; I saw you run out of the road—I should say the court is four or five yards from the mob; I would not undertake to say what distance it was—I swear I saw your face from the gas light.





URIAH TREW
 (City policeman, 257). I took the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you see me half an hour before you took me? A. Yes; I did not take you then, because I wanted to get further information—

I know part of your former character—when I went to take you, you said you knew nothing about it—you did not tell me where you was at the time of the robbery—you said you knew nothing about it.





THOMAS GISBEY
 (City policeman, 245). I was with the last witness when the prisoner was taken.

Prisoner, Q. You had me in custody about three weeks before this? A. Yes—the woman did not say at the station that you was not the party, she said she could not recognize you—I did not get a boy to swear to you; certainly not.

Prisoner's Defence, The policeman said at Guildhall that they said they had apprehended the man, and that was as much as to tell the prosecutor that I was the man; he said that I resembled the man; I asked him how I was dressed; he said I had a coat on, and the witnesses said I had a jacket; they know my former character to have been bad, and everything is blamed to me that is done about that quarter; they know me to have had twelve months from here in the year 1850, and they blame everything on me; I had got a young man to prove where 1 was on the night of the robbery, Daniel Hayes; I do not know whether he is here now; I was in his place at the time they say this robbery was committed; these witnesses say that they saw me by the light of the poulterer's shop, and it is shut every night at 9 o'clock, if you send for anybody from there they will tell you so.




GUILTY
. Aged 20. (The prisoner was also charged with having been before convicted,)





JOHN AYLIFFE
 (policeman, A 523). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted here July, 1850, of stealing a cash box and money, and confined twelve months)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.


GUILTY.** Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years
,
