



77. 




PAUL WHARTON
alias
 William Lamb




, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin: having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DAWSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL JARMAN
. I am clerk to the Solicitor to the Treasury. I produce a copy of a conviction from Mr. Clark's office; it is signed by Mr. Clark—(read—Paul Wharton and William Collier, Convicted here Feb. 1852, for uttering counterfeit coin; Wharton Confined Six Months).





JAMES CROSS
 (policeman E 54). I know this conviction refers to the prisoner—I was present at his conviction.





EDMUND DOVER
. My father keeps the Duke's Head public-house, in the Borough. On 13th Oct., between 5 and 6 o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came for some Old Tom—it came to 5d.; he threw down a half-crown; I examined it, it was bad; I told the prisoner so—he said a woman gave it him outside—he was desired to fetch the woman in; he went to the door, my father followed him—he came in again, but no woman came; I fetched an officer, who took the prisoner in custody—the half-crown was given to the officer; this is it.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
 (policeman, L 94). I took the prisoner, and produce this half-crown—when I was desired to take the prisoner, it was stated that it was for uttering a bad half-crown; he said a woman gave it him outside—I came up when I was fetched—I did not see any woman there at all; I took the prisoner to the station—he was remanded till the Saturday following, and was discharged.





MARY WINDER
. I am the wife of Alfred Winder, a baker, in Church-street, Deptford. On Monday, 18th Oct., the prisoner came to my shop for a rice-bun; I gave it him—it was a penny; he gave me a shilling; I examined it, it was bad—he told me he got it at Charlton fair, in change for a half-crown—I took the shilling to the detector, and bent it; while I was talking to my husband, the prisoner walked out of the shop—there was a person in the parlour talking to my husband, who went out at the side-door after the prisoner, to the Broadway, and gave him in charge—I kept the shilling in my hand till the policeman came, and gave it him—I am sure it was the same.





HENRY WIDDISON
 (policeman, R 364). I was on duty, and the prisoner was given into my charge—I received this shilling from the last witness.






WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the royal mint. These are both counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

