





1528. 




HENRY WILLIAM INGLIS
 and 




JOSEPH GRAHAM



, Jun., stealing 1 pair of shoes, 2 spoons, 8 knives, and other articles, value 5l. 16s.; the goods of 



Joseph Graham the elder; in his dwelling—house.—2nd COUNT, against Inglis for receiving.


GRAHAM pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years
.





JOSEPH GRAHAM, SEN
. I live at Stratford, which is in the parish of West Ham. It is my dwelling—house—on 19th June I missed a pair of shoes, a spencer, a silk—frock, some salt-spoons, a miniature, a quantity of cutlery, and some books, worth about 8l.—I had seen them safe the day

before—these articles (produced) are mine—there were no marks of violence about the house, but there were on the garden wall, as of some one having climbed over—the ivy was torn off—Graham is my son, but he did not live with me.





FRANCIS DEFRAITS
 (policeman, K 61). On 21st June, Graham came to me and asked if I had heard of the job at the old man's—I said I had—he mentioned a number of articles which had been described to me, and mentioned a person's name—that person was not present, but he said he would show me where the person lived, and I went with him to St. Mary Axe—he pointed out a house to me there, where I found Inglis, and told him he was charged with another person, on suspicion of committing a burglary at Stratford—he said he knew nothing about it, and went with me to the station.





CHARLES MILLS
 (policeman, K 306). I went with Defraits to Inglis's—I asked him if he had not got a pair of patent leather shoes, which were stolen from Mr. Graham—he said he knew nothing about them—after taking him to the station, we went back to the house, and found these shoes on James Sutherland's feet.

Inglis. Q. Did I not say I knew nothing about any shoes that were stolen? A. Yes.





JAMES SUTHERLAND
. I lodge in the same house with Inglis—on 20th June he asked me if these shoes would fit me, and offered them in sale to me—I found they fitted me, and bought them of him—he was not at home on the night before I bought them.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman, K 28). On 23rd June I went with the prisoner Graham to a public—house in Billingsgate, and there got these two salt—spoons; I then went with him to a public—house in Rosemary—lane, and there got the boots—I went to Ongar, in Essex, and there found the cutlery.





WILLIAM BOWLER
. I keep the Anti—Gallican, Billingsgate—market On 20th June the prisoners came, and Inglis asked me if I would buy two saltspoons; I said, "No"—he went away, came back again, and said, "I wish you would have these spoons"—I asked him where he got them; he said they were not his, they belonged to Graham; that his brother was dead, and he had these spoons, with two or three other things—he then asked me to let him have 3s.—I let him have it, and kept these spoons—these produced are them.





EDWIN WOODMAN
. I am barman at the Blue Anchor, Rosemary—lane. On 20th June the prisoner came to our house—Inglis brought a pair of boots, and asked me to be so kind as let him have 9d. and a pot of beer for them; and I did so—I gave the boots to the police.





WILLIAM HART
. I am a fishmonger, at Ongar. I bought this cutlery of the prisoner Graham—Inglis was with him.

Inglis's Defence. I was at a public—house, and Graham brought these things in, and wanted to sell them—I asked if they were his own; he said they belonged to his brother, who was dead—I did not know they were stolen.

INGLIS—



GUILTY
on 2nd Count. Aged 38.—



Transported for Seven Years
. (There was another indictment against the prisoners 



for stealing goods, valve 3l. 13s., of 





Joseph Graham, the elder


, to which the prisoner Graham also 



pleaded guilty

. It was stated that Graham had broken into his father's house three times in three Months.)


Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.
