




1619. 




JOHN HACKETT



, stealing 1 can and 6 gallons of turpentine, value 25s.; the goods of 



William Watkins: and 




MARY ANN KING



, harbouring and maintaining Hackett.—2nd COUNT, against Hackett, for receiving.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-sergeant, H 8). On 26th July, in consequence of information, I watched Hackett towards some stables in White-conduitfields—he had a great-coat on his arm—I afterwards, with two other constables, took him into custody, and took four keys from him—I asked him where his stable was—he said he had no stable; but in consequence of something said to me,

I went to a stable towards where he had gone—I found a horse there, and some tubs, and in one of the tubs, covered over with some bags, I found this can (produced), containing six or seven gallons of turpentine—I left inspector Bridges there, returned to the prisoner, whom I had left in custody, and said, "I have found a can of turpentine in your stable; how do you account for that?"—he said, "That is my own; I had it for my own use"—I asked where he had it from, and he gave me no answer.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. How long have you been in the police force? A. Twenty-one years.





WILLIAM THOMAS BRIDGES
 (inspector of the Thames police). I accompanied panied Teakle to the stable, and found the can of turps there, with three bags covered over it, and another wrapper over the top of the cask—I said to the prisoner, "There are about four gallons in the can"—he said, "No; between five and six."

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say, when you went into the stable-door, you could not see the can? A. No; we could see the cask with a covering over it—the cask was nearly a foot higher than the top of the can.





WILLIAM WATKINS
. I am an oil and colour-man, at 5, Cumberland-terrace, Camden Town. On 25th July, about 7 o'clock in the evening, I had a can of about 10 gallons of turpentine, worth 1l. 9s. 9d., standing on the area-railing under my shop window—I missed it when I went to shut up—on the evening of 26th, about 8, the female prisoner came, and said, "You bad a bit of a lark here last night, did not you?"—I said, "Yes, I think I did, somebody stole my turps from outside the door"—she said, "I have come to pay you for it; the fact of it is, it is very hard for tradespeople to lose their things; it was taken away last night in a drunken spree by four drunken men; in the spree they took it round the corner, and knocked it to pieces; they were two carpenters and two shoemakers; it contained something that smelt devilish strong; they were poor men with families"—she offered to pay me for it; I told her it would come to more than she expected, it would come to 1l. 9s. 9d.—she said they bad given her a sovereign, and I thought I had better take that—I told her if she would bring back the can I would give her 5s. for it—this is the can, I know it by the paint being off in front.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it? A. By the paint being off in front, and where I have shoved the tickler in, and it is very seldom we get such a new can as that—I have taken it in and out of the door a great many times.





GEORGE TEAKLE
, re-examined. When Hackett was before the Magistrate I saw King there—in consequence of what Mr. Watkins told me, I called her on one side from Hackett's mother and wife, who were with her, and told her I wished to speak to her, but she was not obliged to answer me—I asked her if she had been to Camden Town; she said, "Yes"—I asked what for; she said, "To pay for the can"—she then said she would not answer any more questions.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there a charge against King for an illicit still? A. I believe there was the week before—I do not know that she was taken on that charge on 25th, or that the charge was heard on 26th—I think it was a week before.

MR. METCALF
to
INSPECTOR BRIDGES. Q. Was not King taken on 25th, for distilling? A. I cannot state from my own knowledge; a constable did tell me on 26th, that she had just gone away with Hackett's wife in a great hurry.
— MAJOR, 36, Thames-police, examined by
MR. METCALFE. I saw

King at the police-court on 26th—I do not know whether she was in charge or not—she spoke to Hackett's wife.

HACKETT—



GUILTY
on 2nd Count.



KING—


NOT GUILTY
.

Hackett was further charged with having been before convicted: to which he pleaded



GUILTY. † Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

