




1557. 




WILLIAM JONES
 and 




JULIA RIGBY



, stealing 1 watch, value 22s. the goods of 



Frederick Armytage, from his person; Rigby having been before convicted: to which

RIGBY pleaded 


GUILTY
.—Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.






FREDERICK ARMYTAGE
. I live in Brook-street, Lambeth. On Sunday night, 11th Aug., Rigby stopped me in Pleasant-place, Lambeth—she asked me to stand. something to drink—I did not do it—she still clung round me, and I missed my watch, which had been in my left-hand waistcoat pocket—there was a chain to it, which went round my neck, and through a buttonhole—she broke the pin of the watch in pulling it—there was at that time a man a few yards off—he came past, and I saw his hand and Rigby's touch each other—he said, "Look sharp, Julia"—he went away, and Rigby was going away—I was following her, and the policeman came up—I know I had my watch two minutes before Rigby came up.





ABRAHAM SPALDING
 (policeman, L. 46). I was in Brook-street that night, and saw the two prisoners together—I saw Rigby go to the prosecutor, and say, "Will you stand. anything to drink"—Jones was three or four yards off—he made a rush, and walked past Rigby—Rigby then made a rush, and I stopped her—the prosecutor charged her with stealing his watch—I had seen Jones with Rigby several times, I am sure he is the man—I had seen them together that night, about an hour before it happened.


Jones. Q. Where had you seen me before? A. About the street, an hour before—I did not run after you when I saw you ran away, because I had had no alarm from the prosecutor then—I did not see you receive anything—I knew you again directly the officer brought you.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoners run different ways? A. No; they followed one another.





EMILY HARDING
. I am the wife of William Harding. I know the prisoners, they live together as man and wife.





HENRY MARTIN
 (policeman, L. 3). I took Jones—I told him it was for being concerned with Rigby in taking a watch from a gentleman—he said, "What!"—I said, "You know Julia Rigby, don't you?"—he first said he did not, and afterwards he said he did.

Jones' Defence. know nothing about it; I know the woman, that is all; I was not with her that night.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Twelve Months.

