



42. 




JOHN GERALD



, feloniously forging and uttering a request for the delivery of 2 chaff machines, with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. COCKLE
and
GIFFORD
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES JAMES ANDREWS
. I am an agricultural instrument maker, and live at Reading, in Berkshire. I have two partners—I have no doubt I received these two letters (looking at them)—the first letter is dated 1st May, and the second 25th May—in consequence of the receipt of the lost letter I supplied two chaff machines—the order was received and entered in the order book—the usual course of business is, that these letters would be

opened by one of the partners in the morning, the order would be entered, end the order clerk would give orders to the porter, who would take them in the ordinary course of business—I, perhaps, do not see one thing of a thousand that leaves the premises—I have never been paid for these articles—I cannot say that I saw them leave my premises, or saw them packed up—I only know that we received an order, and sent the goods, and have never been paid for them—I know of no payment whatever respecting this order.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You have two partners? A. Yes, and a great many clerks—I open letters sometimes, and sometimes one of the other partners does—I cannot swear that these letters came into my hands personally, but they came into the hands of our firm—I have seen them on our premises—the first time I saw them was when I understood there was a case of fraud against John Gerard—I should think that is about four weeks age—I am not aware that before I bad personally seen these letters; I may have done so—in the ordinary course of business perhaps fifty or sixty letters arrive in a day—these were received in the ordinary course of business, and filed away—our head clerk, Thomas James, got them from the file, and brought them to me—I never offered a reward of twenty guineas for some witness to prove the prisoner's handwriting; I never authorised any person to do it—there was no reward offered that I know of, nor ever thought of.





MARY ANN NEWTON
, I am housekeeper to Mr. Styles, of Maidstone—he has a house and shop with a counting house to it—the prisoner called twice at that house to know if there was a shop to let—I answered him both times—I cannot tell when be called the first time; it was about the middle of the day, on a Saturday—he called the second time on the Tuesday following for the same purpose, and he hired it then—I showed it him, but I did not let it; my master was there that day—I was not in the room when he took it—I heard my master say he had taken it—he paid a week's rent, and bad the key of the shop—I did not see the prisoner pay it, but I saw my mask put it down—the prisoner never occupied the shop, nor was in it—he called twice at the house after he took the room in the course of a week—I heard him order the name of O. Walkins and Son to be put over the door—when he called afterwards it was for letters—he asked for letters directed O. Watkins and Son—I gave the prisoner's clerk eight or nine letters—I gave the prisoner two—the prisoner's clerk came with him to look at the place—he called him in to look at the shop—he said "My man," and after that he said "My clerk."

Cross-examined. Q. Can you read? A. No—I gave the prisoner two letters himself—when he came he said, "Are there any letters for me?" and I said, "Yes, Sir."—I cannot read writing; I can read printing in a book—I read the Bible—I am quite sure the prisoner called the other person his clerk—I saw the prisoner three times—I had not known him before—my master saw him, and made the arrangement with him—my master's name is William Styles; he is infirm, and very aged—I saw the prisoner three times, and after that I did not see him till I saw him at the bar, on 22nd Oct.—I would not be sure, but I believe I saw the person whom he called his clerk five times—I should know that man if I were to tee him—I had never seen him before—I think it was about the middle of May that the prisoner first called; about the 16th or 17th of May, to the best of my knowledge.





CHARLES PERCIVAL
. I reside at 13, Queen's-row, Walworth. I have known the prisoner ten or twelve years—I knew his handwriting very well some years ago—I think these two letters (looking at them) are his handwriting

—I knew him by the name of Gerrard—I think the last time I saw him was twelve months before I saw him at the Magistrate's—former)y I was in the habit of seeing him frequently.

Cross-examined. Q. You used the words "I think" about this writing? A. Yes; I should not like to be positive—I have not hoard of a reward of twenty guineas in this matter; nothing of the kind—I do mot except to receive one farthing; I mean positively to represent that—I am at present employed in obtaining order for my brother, a coal merchant—I have got one order for him—I was down at Birmingham thirteen or fourteen months ago—I have lived at 13, Queen's-row, on and off, all my life; it is my mother's—I do not always sleep then; I frequently take my meals there—when I do not sleep at my mother's I sleep at 18, Ebenezer-street—I can go there when I like—a female named De Praney lives there—the has one half of the place, and I pay for my half—the is no business that I am aware of; she is not the person connected with me—I am frequently there—I hare not slept at my mother's for three weeks—I had slept there a few days before that.





ARCHIBALD M'KNIGHT
. I am a merchant and iron agent. The prisoner came to me and said hit name was John Garrard—(Letter read: "Maidetone, May 15th. Gentlemen,—Please to forward at at your earliest convenience, one of your common chaff machines, at 5l., and one ditto at 6l. 10s.; send us mroice with lowest trade price, and wo will remit you the amount; let them be forwarded to the goods station at Paddington. We will give orders to our carrier to call for them. O. Watkins and Son. To the Agricultural Instrument Manufacturers, Reading.")





JOHN CARPENTER
, (police sergeant, R 38). I have known the prisoner upwards of two years, by the name of John Gerrard—I was here at the Feb. sessions of this Court—the prisoner was here then before his Lordship.
(MR. PARRY
submitted, that the way to prove that the prisoner was tried, was by producing the Record itself. The sentence, immediately it was passed, became a matter of record, and could only be so proved: at during a session a prisoner might be chatted back, and his sentence altered.
MR. COCKLE
observed that the record did not show who the person was that was tried, but that there must be same witness to prove it.)

COURT to JOHN CARPENTER?
Q. Did you see him here on his trial? A. Yes; I do not know where he did go after his trial—i know where he was to go—I did not see him afterwards—I heard where his Lordship directed him to go.





MR. JAMES HEMP
, examined by the
COURT. The usual course of business at this Court, is to enter in the minute book the name of the party charged, the offence, the verdiet of the Jury, and the sentence pronounced by the Court—he sentence is carried out by a further order made from that minute.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there an indictment in Court from which the minute is made? A. Yes; it is found by the Grand Jury in the regular way, and a minutes is made on the indietment, of the sentence passed by the Court—a record is made, if required, by some party—parties apply for a record to be made for the purpose of a defence (the indiciment was sent for, and produced.)





MR. ALFRED WARDELL
, examined by the
COURT. It appears by the minutes of this Court, that at the February Session John Gerrard was convicted, and sentenced to three months—the minute was made by me in the usual way—he would be sent to Maidstone Gaol.


COURT
to
CARPENTER. Q. Where was the offence committed? A. At Charlton; there is no other gaol but Maidstone for that part of the county of Kent—the prisoner is the person named in that conviction.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
