





1749. 




GEORGE SEVERS
, and 




HENRY DANCE



, stealing 114lb. weight of lead, value 20s.; the goods of 



Redding Watts, fixed to a building: Severs having been before convicted.






WILLIAM WATTS
. I am a builder, my father's name is Redding Watts; he has some carcass houses in Eaton-place, Belgrave-square. On the morning of 2nd Oct., I went there with M'Keene, and saw a basket with a white cloth over it—M'Keene lifted up the cloth; the basket contained this lead—(produced)—I then went on to the roof, and found one of the lead flats cut up—I left M'Keene to watch, and gave information at the station.





JAMES M'KEENE
. I work for Mr. Redding Watts, and know the premises in Eaton-place. On 2nd Oct. I went there and found the basket with the cloth over it—I left it there—on 3rd Oct., about half-past three o'clock, I saw the two prisoners; one got into the building, and the other stood outside—they were not working there, and had no business there—I never saw them before, but I am quite sure they are the persons—I compared the lead produced with the roof of the house, and the cuts correspond exactly—the cuts appeared very recent.





THOMAS WARNER
. I work for Mr. Watts. On 3rd Oct. I was on the 2nd flight of stairs watching—I could see where the basket of lead was—about half-past three o'clock both the prisoners came up side by side; Severs looked in, and then they both went up Eaton-place, and came back again—Dance got over the pole in front, through the door, took the cloth off, and walked off with the basket—when Dance got in, Severs was in the street against the scaffold pole, six feet nine inches off him—I pursued Dance, he threw the basket over the wall of No. 7, and the cloth over St. Michael's Churchyard railing—I called, "Stop thief!" and he was stopped by a policeman—I have compared the lead found with that on the roof, and it corresponds exactly; but there is twenty-two feet more missing.





JOHN PORTSMOUTH
 (policeman, B 173). I was watching with Warner, and saw Severs come and look over the door, into the basket—he went away, and Dance came, got over the pole in at the door, took the cloth off the basket, took the basket, and ran away, leaving the lead behind—Severs was just outside, and I caught him—Dance threw the basket over an area—I compared the lead with that on the roof; it corresponded, and appeared to have been recently cut—there is more missing—I found this knife on Dance (produced.)

Dance's Defence. I was passing this house, saw the basket covered over, got over, took the lead out, and took the basket.

Sever's Defence. I know nothing about it; I was only passing by.





JOSEPH PHILLIPS
 (policeman, B 166). I produce a certificate of Sever's conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted June, 1849, having been before convicted—confined one year)—I was present—he is the person.

SEVERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


DANCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Twelve Months.

