





908. 



ZADOC FADERMAN,


 SAUL LAURIO
, and 



BERNARD GORDON
, were indicted for

 that certain foreign undertakings for the payment of money of the empire of Russia, were made, issued, negociated, and circulated in the said empire; and that the prisoners did feloniously engrave and make, upon 4 plates, 4 several parts of an undertaking for the payment of money, purporting to be parts of an undertaking of the said empire of Russia, without the authority of the said State.

(There were 29 other Counts, in some of which the instrument was called a promissory note, and in others an order; and in some the engravings were set out with translations, and in the last 6 Counts not).
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, with Mr. CLARKSON, and Mr. BALLANTINE,

conducted the Prosecution.


This case originally came before
MR. JUSTICE WILLIAMS, at the last Feb. Sessions, when
MR. HUDDLESTON, with
MESSRS. PARRY
and
METCALFE, on behalf of the prisoners, demurred to the indictment; the argument was then partly heard, and at the suggestion of the learned Judge, the matter was reserved for the opinion of the Court of Criminal Appeal; that Court, however, being of opinion that it had no jurisdiction in cases of demurrer, the point now came on for argument here.


MR. HUDDLESTON
first called the attention of the Court to the last six counts, which were framed under 2 & 3 Wm. IV., c. 123, s. 3, and contended that that Act did not apply to such an offence as the present, but to cases of forgery only (See Reg. v. Harris, 7, Car & Payne, 429); and with respect to the counts generally, he submitted that the original instrument, parts of which the prisoners were charged with engraving, should have been set out in the indictment, together with a translation; so that this Court, or a Court of Error, might see, from the nature of the instrument itself, whether it came within the meaning of the Act of Parliament. The word "purporting," used in the Act of Parliament and in the indictment, showed the necessity of a reference to the instrument said to be imitated, for in no other manner could the Court see that the parts in question purported to be anything, there being nothing in them to show to what country



or what coin they had reference; and that the mere averment in the indictment, that certain instruments were current in Russia, was not enough for that purpose. (References—2 Chitty's Crim. Law, 1040; Mason's case, 2 East's Pleas of the Crown, 975; Lyons case, 2 Leech, 608; Lloyd's case, 2 East, 976; Gilchrist's case, 2 East; and Reg. v. Goldstein, 7 Moor, p. 1.)

MR. PARRY
followed in support of the demurrer, and as the reply was arranged to be confined to
MR. HUDDLESTON, he was also heard upon the question as to what the judgment of the Court would be, if the demurrer was overruled. He argued that the prisoners should be allowed to plead over, in as much as the demurrer did not amount to a confession of the fact, but only to a request to the Court to express an opinion whether, in point of law, there was anything to call on the prisoners to answer. That this course had been generally permitted, not perhaps on principles of pleading, but upon principles of humanity, was evident from the following authorities: Archibald's Crim. Pleading, 87; 2 Hale's Pleas of Crown, 256 and 225; Reg. v. Purchase, Car and Marshman, 617; Reg. v. Phelps ditto, and Rex v. Adams, 297 ditto; Gray's case, 11 Clark and Finelly, 427; Reg. v. Odgers, Moody and Rob.; Reg. v. Bennett, 1 Car and Kir, 504; Reg. v. Duffy, 4 Cox's Crim. Cases, 24, and Reg. v. Serva, 2 Car and Kir, 53; and 2 Cox's Crim. Cases, 439.


MR. METCALFE, with reference to the last point, contended that the judgment should be respondeat ouster, and that a demurrer did not involve a confession, it being an acknowledged principle that nothing could be admitted in a criminal case; and with respect to the first question, in addition to the arguments already adduced, he urged that the law of Russia, applicable to instruments of this description, should also appear on the face of the indictment, that the Court might see whether that which prisoners were charged with imitating, as well as that which the prisoners had done, came within that law. See Storey's Conflict of Laws, 527; Trimbey's case; 1 Bingham's new cases; Rothschild v. Currie, 1 Queen's Bench Reports; Benham v. Earl of Mornington, 3 Common Bench Reports, 133; and Astley v. Fisher 18; Law Journal, 59; and 6 Com. Bench Reports.


The
ATTORNEY-GENERAL
maintained that the last six counts, which were framed under 2 & 3 Wm. IV., c. 123, in connexion with 1 Wm. IV., c. 66, were sufficient to support the present charge; and with respect to the remaining counts, he denied the necessity of setting out the complete instrument; it might be that no such complete instrument was in existence; as for instance, where a foreign State issued a notice, that on a given day, notes of a particular character would be put into circulation, and where, in anticipation of that event, documents were forged intended to be substituted for the genuine ones; it could not be contended that that would not amount to an offence, or that in such a case any complete instrument could be set out; with regard to the present case, the averment that such instruments were negociable in Russia was sufficient; for if the instrument were set out, and the slightest variation between it and the forged plates were detected, it would vitiate the indictment; it was enough if on the face of them they purported to be that which they were intended to represent. With regard to the last question, he contended that the judgment must be final, the demurrer being in reality a confession of the fact, and that the instances quoted, where prisoners were allowed to plead over, applied to capital cases only, when that course was permitted in favorem vitae.


MR. HUDDLESTON
was heard in reply.


THE COURT
took until the next morning to consider the points, when
MR. BARON ALDERSON
delivered judgment. He stated that the Court was of opinion that the demurrer must be overruled; and for the purpose of overruling it, it was quite sufficient that any one of the counts would sustain a judgment in case



the prisoners had pleaded and been convicted under it. The first question to be ascertained was, the meaning of the word "purporting;" and it appeared to the Court that it must be construed in this way, that if the instrument in question were a complete one, then it must appear on the face of it, that it purported to be as it was described; but where the word was applied to part of a bill, note, &c., it could not be construed in the same unlimited sense, seeing that part of a bill, note, &c., could not purport to be anything, but it must mean that it was part of the thing which, if completed, would purport to be that which was described in the Act of Parliament; and that must be shown, not by setting out the instrument on the face of the indictment, but by averment and extrinsic proof. Here, the parts were set forth as they were proposed to be proved, with averments, which, if true, showed that they were parts of an undertaking current in Russia; and in the opinion of the Court the first batch of counts was sufficient to sustain a judgment of that kind. The last six counts, in the opinion of the Court, were not sufficient, on the ground that they did not come within 2 & 3 Wm. IV., c. 123, that Act being confined to indictments for forgery, and to complete instruments. With respect to the more difficult and important question, namely, the judgment to be given upon the demurrer being overruled, the Court had taken time to refer to the older authorities on the subject, this being a question which had seldom arisen in modern times, and it seemed to them that the judgment must be final. It appeared clear, when the matter was fully investigated, that any plea which was in confession and avoidance of the felony, if adjudged against a prisoner, subjected him always to final judgment. The principal authorities on the subject were to be found in cases of appeals in felony. It was clear that there were many dilatory and declinatory pleas which left the question of guilt or innocence unconfessed; it was the practice in those cases to plead not guilty, and a declinatory plea together; those pleas, as mentioned by Lord Hale, were not held bad for doubleness, as it was allowed in favorem vitae; and this was the solution of all the difficulties which apparently existed on the subject. There was distinct authority to show that if any plea in confession and avoidance of the felony, was determined against a party, he was not allowed to plead over, but judgment was then final; and a decision, by all the Judges, to that effect, would be found in the Year-book of 14th Edward IV., c. 7, placitum 10. It seemed to the Court that the rule which was applied to the cases of plea, governed demurrers also; where the plea was dilatory alone, such as a plea in abatement, or a plea to the jurisdiction, which might well stand with a plea of not guilty, there, if judgment was against the prisoner on his dilatory plea, he was permitted (indeed he had a right) to be tried on his plea of not guilty; but where the plea was in confession and avoidance of the felony, the real and true judgment of the law always was a judgment final, and it was only by the indulgence of the Court that the party was afterwards allowed to plead not guilty. If that was so, it was decisive of the present question, because here there was nothing on the record except the demurrer; there was no plea of not guilty pleaded with it, neither could there be. The Court was therefore of opinion, on the whole case, this being a general demurrer, that it did contain a confession, and that judgment must be final. The modern authorities referred to, appeared to be only dicta at Nisi Prius,hastily given, and were not entitled to the weight which would have attached to them if the learned Judges had had the opportunity, now afforded to the Court, of consulting the authorities on the subject.





MR. PARRY
appealed to the Court to extend its indulgence to the prisoners, and allow them to plead over, but the Court did not accede to the application.








The prisoners were sentenced to be Transported for Ten Years.


