





62. 




EDWARD WILLEY COLLINS,



 JOHN JONES
, and 




EDWARD MARTIN



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Mary Ann Plane, and stealing 3 spoons; her goods: to which


JONES pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. SLEIGH
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN PLANE
. I am a widow, and live at 19, Cannon-street-road, St. George's in the East. On Sunday night, 31st Oct., I fattened up my house, and went to bed—about 2 o'clock on the Monday morning I was alarmed by some noise, opened the window, and saw some policemen getting over the back part of the premises, and saw them take one man into custody in the yard—the spoons produced by the officer are mine—I left them on the dresser in the kitchen the night before—they are German silver.





JONATHAN NEWMAN
 (policeman, H 71). About 2 o'clock, on this Monday morning, I looked over Mrs. Plane's wall, and saw Collins taken into custody, out of the water closet, by another policeman—I went into the house, and took Jones out of a bed in the back parlour—he was lying between the bed and mattress—I found the back kitchen window open—at the station, Jones said, "We made a mistake in the house; we got into the wrong house"—the next house is a watchmaker's.





JOHN GODDARD
 (policeman, H 222). About 2 o'clock, on this Monday morning, I saw the three prisoners together in Cannon-street-road—they crossed over towards Shorter-street, the corner of which is three doors from Mrs. Plane's—I saw Collins and Jones get over the wall at the side—Martin

stood about eight yards from the corner, on the look-out, while they got over, and said, "All right," and assisted the one that got over second, but I cannot say which that was—I have no doubt the prisoners are the same three persons; they were not out of my sight—when Martin had said, "All right," he stood back a little, made a cough, and said, "Do so when you are ready"—some other policemen then came up, and I took Martin into custody at the corner—he had not got over the wall at all—he was the worse for liquor, but not so bad as he wanted to make out—he pretended to be sick—at the station, Jones said, "We made a mistake in the house"—I did not go into Mrs. Plane's house at all.

Collins. Q. Why did not you stop us when you saw us getting over the wall? A. Because I had not sufficient assistance.





JOSEPH NICHOLIS
 (policeman, K 210). I came to Goddard's assistance; went over Mrs. Plane's wall, and found Collins in the water closet—I asked what he did there—he said he came there to sleep—I had previously seen all three prisoners together at the corner of Cannon-street—I found a pair of boots on Mrs. Plane's wall, which Jones claimed at the station, and he had none on.





WILLIAM HENRY MASKELL
 (policeman, A 403). After the prisoners were taken, I went into Mrs. Plane's house, and found the window open—I found a cord jacket, a waistcoat, a cap, and a lucifer match, the end of which was burnt, and also three spoons lying on the window ledge—in the front parlour I found the shutter thrown up, and a lucifer match lying down by the window.

COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

MARTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Seven Years


