





605. 




FLORENCE MAHONEY,



 JOHN ROGERS
, and 



WILLIAM JAMES



, stealing 2 casks, and 222lbs. weight of pork, value 4l. 2s.; the property of 



Erastus Rogers: Mahoney having been before convicted.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.





ROBERT TOOKER
. I am carman to Mr. Erastus Rogers. On 26th Jan., I was sent out with three barrels of pork—I left my employer's yard about half-past twelve o'clock—I went to Rosemary-lane, and then to Ratcliff-hight-way, to Mr. Taylor's—he did not take the barrels, and I brought them back—on my way home, as I came to the corner of Brown's-lane, Morgan stopped me—it wanted a few minutes to six—I looked, aud I had lost two barrels of

pork—I ran back immediately with Morgan to the corner of Wood-street—I saw the two barrels of pork standing against a house, and the prisoner Mahoney was by them; I did not observe any one else—Morgan came up, and I turned the barrels up, as the brine was running out—Morgan pointed to Maboney, and said, "That is the man that took them out of your cart"—I said, "Will you swear to that?"—he said, "Yes, I will"—Mahoney walked across the road, buttoned his jacket, and then he ran—I called the policeman and ran after him—I told Morgan to follow me; he came along the pavement; I went in the road.

Mahoney. Q. Was I or Clark nearest to the pork? A. I did not see Clark—you were there.





GEORGE CLARK
. I am a broker, and live in Globe-lane, Bethnal-green. On Saturday evening, 26th Jan., I was walking up Church-street, Spitalfields, between five and six o'clock—I saw a cart coming along, and four men following it—when the cart turned out of Church-street into Wood-street, the tail-board came down, and they pulled out two barrels containing pork; two men went to each barrel, and rolled them on the pavement—Mahoney and James were the two men who took the pins of the cart out, and after they tilted the cart, the barrels came out, and then two men rolled each barrel from the road upon the pavement—the prisoners are three of the men, and one is not here—Morgan was with me—I was fifty yards off them when they took the tail-board down—when they were taking the barrels from the road to the pavement, Morgan and I passed between them—I came quite close, and saw them clearly—I sent Morgan after the carman; I stood by the barrels—Mahoney was standing by them; the other men went out of sight—I was not with them two minutes when the carman came back—I pointed to Mahoney, and said, "This is one of the men;" and Mahoney walked away—he had a black patch on his nose—I was left alone perhaps five minutes, and then Rogers and James came back with a truck—I am quite sure Rogers was one of the men—James came towards the barrels—I said, "My good man, you had better not touch them; if you do I shall bock your brains out with this"—it was a beam of a large pair of scales I had in my hand—they both instantly took to their heels and ran away with the track—I remained with the barrels till the officer came.

Mahoney. Q. What distance was I from the pork? A. About half-a-dozen yards—I was about half-a-dozen yards from it, on the other side.

James. I never was near it; I was in a public-house drinking.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you a sort of distress broker? A. Yes; anything that is legal—at the time I was before the Magistrate, the three prisoners were under examination—the other man was not there—it was the three prisoners and the other man who rolled the barrels on to the pavement—after Morgan and Tooker had run after Mahoney, and I remained with the barrels, James and Rogers came back with the truck—it was not James and the other man; it was James and Rogers—I said so before the Justice—this is my signature to this deposition—it was read over to me.
(The deposition being read, stated: "James and the other man came up with a truck")—it is wrong in the deposition—I said the same as I do now—I did not know their names when I was at the station—James and Rogers are the men who came back with the truck.





THOMAS MORGAN
. I live in Gill-street, Limehouse. I am a broker—on 26th Jan. I was in Church-street, Spitalfields, with Mr. Clark—I saw four men following a cart—the cart turned down Wood-street, and we saw the tail-board go down—we followed them, and when we got to the corner the

men had got the barrels of pork out of the cart—I said to Clark, "You stop here, I will go and tell the carman"—I went, and he came back with me—when we came back, there was only Mahoney there—he had a black patch on his nose—the carman asked whether that was the man—Clark said, "Yes, that is him"—Mahoney made off', and I followed him to a public-house—the carman called out. "Police!"—the policeman came, and we found Mahoney in the water-closet—I pulled him out.

Cross-examined. Q. You cannot say whether James and Rogers were the other two men? A. No.





WILLIAM GRADY
 (policeman, H 206). On 26th Jan., about six o'clock, I was on duty in Brick-lane—I was called by Tooker—I went to the Three Crowns, and found Mahoney in the water-closet—I took him to the station—he appeared to be intoxicated—he had a black patch on his nose—I took the two barrels—they contained pork.

Mahoney. Q. Morgan said he took me out, and you say you took me out? A. Yes—Morgan saw you there—he said, "He is here," and I took you out.





GEORGE CLARK

re-examined. Q. How were the prisoners dressed that night? A. Rogers was dressed as he is now, but when at the police-court he had a jacket on, and I did not identify him—I am quite certain now that he is the man.

James. Q. You said at Worship-street that I wore a great coat? A. Yes, I did.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). In consequence of information I took Rogers into custody that Saturday night, at a beer-shop in Flower-and-Dean-street—I told him he was charged with stealing three barrels of pork—(I thought it was three)—I said I should take him—he said, "I shan't go"—I took him—he made a most desperate resistance—he was, most of the way to the station, dragged on his back in the road—we were surrounded by a desperate gang of thieves—he had a blue jacket on—this is it—I received the coat he has on now, from Wilkins—I took James on the Wednesday following—he said, "You know me very well; I am quite innocent."

Cross-examined. Q. Was Rogers taken at a public-house? A. No, at a beer-shop—he was very violent—I suppose there were six or seven policemen—I struck Rogers repeatedly with my fist—I had no staff—his face was well blackened, and so was mine, with mud and dirt—he had blood on his face, from his nose I believe—he struck and kicked me very much—I had my clothes nearly all torn off.

James. Q. Do you know anything wrong against me? A. No.





SAMUEL WILKINS
. I am a butcher. On that Saturday night I went to a beer-shop in Flower-and-Dean-street—I saw Rogers there, dressed in a blue coat, as he is now—I had this blue jacket on my arm, and he said his coat was too tight across the shoulders—I changed with him—when I saw him again in his own coat I did not recollect him at first—this was between five and six o'clock, as near as I can guess.

James's Defence. I was in a public-house at twenty minutes past five o'clock, and stopped there till twenty minutes past seven; I never saw these prisoners before; I get my living by pedestrianism, running, and picking up stones, and so on; I work in a gas-factory, I attend the fires.

Witness for Defence.
—I know the sign of the Duke of Northumberland, in Worship-street—on Saturday, 26th Jan., I was there at five o'clock—the prisoner James came in at ten minutes past five—I noticed the time, because

the pot-lad had his tea—I knew James by sight, not by name—I had seen him there before—he was in there about an hour that night, and then I left, and lost sight of him—the distance from there to Church-street is about 300 yards.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. Can you say exactly what day it was? A. No—I cannot say whether it was the 25th or 26th—it was on a Saturday night—I heard of the prisoner being taken up on this charge—I did not go before the Magistrate.

COURT. Q. How did you know the man, if you did not know his name? A. His wife came, and asked us if we knew him—we told her we did not know his name—she gave us a description of the man, and we said we did know him—he was in there—there was me, and Price, and Hodgson, and the potman, I do not know his name.





THOMAS WAKFORD
 (police-sergeant, H 5). I produce a certificate of Mahoney's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted Jan., 1848, by the name of John Addy)—he is the person—he was confined one year.

MAHONEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 47.—


Transported for Ten Years
.

ROGERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Two Years
.

JAMES—


NOT GUILTY
.
