



401. 



RICHARD GARDNER
 was again indicted

 for embezzlement.—2nd COUNT, for a larceny, as servant.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JULIUS HENRY THOMPSON
. (Mr. Justice Talfourd read over to Mr. Thompson his former evidence, to which he assented, and proceeded as follows:)—After June, 1850, another book was kept by the prisoner, called the balance-book, the object of which was to let me know what I had at my bankers' every night before I went home—the amount paid

to the bankers would appear in that book—in the rough cash-book on 5th Jan. last year, the sum total carried out into the second column in the prisoner's writing is 120l. 3s., which it would be his duty to pay into the bank on that day—it consists of twelve items; two of them are in his writing, 12l. 10s. and 2l.—that is the balance that I desired to be kept, and I find that sum put into the balance-book in his writing—one item of it is a check for 7l. 16s. 1d.—it was the prisoner's practice to put on the back of the check the items of which the amount consisted, and I find in his writing on the back of this check 100l. 3s. as the total, making a difference of 20l. 0s. 1d., and the amount paid by the bankers' book is the same 100l. 3s.—the prisoner has not accounted to me for the 20l.—there are twelve items in the rough cash-book, and only seven on the check—some of the items on the check are right, and some have been altered.

COURT. Q. I suppose the fair cash-book, on the side of the moneys received, is right? A. Yes, it makes up the 120l.—it agrees with the rough cash-book—my attention was first drawn to the alteration of the fair cash-book, somewhere about five or six weeks since—that was long after the prisoner had been out of my employ—Mr. Waddell had charge of the book in the meantime—he is not here—this 191l. on 21st Nov. is in the prisoner's writing, upon an erasure—I have added it up—it is cast up with the figures as they now appear, and the total is in the prisoner's writing—that is not on an erasure in one place; it is not an erasure, but a tail put to an 0.





HENRY VALE TRAPP
. I was a clerk to Mr. Thompson; I am not now—this entry of 2s. 11d. on 2nd June, 1850, is in my writing—I received it in the counting-house or collected it, and paid it over to the prisoner—the book shows that it was received of Rice and Co.—I do not know whether I went to their house to receive it or not—the prisoner kept the rough cash-book—when I went to pay him money, he produced it to me at his desk, and I made the entry.





ROBERT WATMORE
. I am clerk to Messrs. Thompson. On 3rd Jan., 1850, here is an entry in the rough cash-book of 5l. 17s., and on 4th of 9l. 15s. in my writing—I received those sums and paid them over to the prisoner.





HENRY SIMMONS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Thompson—here is an entry in the rough cash-book on 5th Jan. of 13l. 11s. 7d.; another of 9l. 15s.; another of 7l. 16s. 1d.; another of 10l. 4s. 3d.; another of 21l. 18s. 2d.; and another of 7l. 14s. 6d.; all in my writing—I paid them all to the prisoner on that day; and I think, to the best of my recollection, in one sum—it was generally paid about three o'clock in the afternoon—it is usually on Saturday when these matters are paid over—we generally come back about two or three from collecting the sums from the merchants—they are freights—we discriminate the parties from whom we receive them.





THOMAS JAMES OSBORNE
. I am clerk to Rogers, Olding, and Co.—I produce the book—the amount paid in on 5th Jan., 1850, to Mr. Thompson's account, is 100l. 3s.
(William Henry Duncan, of Sittingbourne; Charles Boyd Surveyor-General of Customs; and John Edward Boyd, junior, son of the latter, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
on 2nd Count
.—



Transported for Seven Years


