



806. 




EDWARD WILLIAMS, alias
 George Miller,




 stealing 1 chair, value 26s.; the goods of 



Charles Kedge: having been before convicted.






CHARLES KEDGE
. I live at 12, Prospect-place, Old Kent-road, and am a furniture-dealer. On 26th Sept, 1849, I missed a chair from ray front door, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening—it was exposed for sale—I had seen it about a quarter of an hour before.





JOHN THOMAS HENRY DREW
. I live in St. James's-grove, near the Rosemary Branch, in the Commercial-road. I am a traveller—on 21st Sept., 1849, I was in Prospect-place—I lived then in Charlotte-street, in the Kent-road—I was at the Royal Fort, beer-house, in Prospect-place,

between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—I saw a cart drive up with two men in it—it came in a direction from the canal-bridge, and stopped opposite Mr. Kedge's door, between that and the wheelwright's on the other side Mr. Kedge's door from me—I saw the prisoner—he came and looked me in the face—he was walking on the pavement—I had never known him before—it was about half-past seven—it was rather dusk—the lamps were lighted at the Royal Fort beer-house—the prisoner came right up to me—he did not speak—I had a good opportunity of seeing his face—I am quite sure he is the man—after he looked roe in the face he went to Mr. Kedge's shop, and I saw him take an easy chair and put it over the back of the cart—he then got over the back of the cart, and got into it, and they drove away very fast indeed—it was a light spring cart—I gave information to Mrs. Kedge immediately—I saw the prisoner again on the 6th Nov., 1849—he was in custody at Marlborough-street—I pointed him out.

Prisoner. He swore to me by my clothes when I was at Marlborough-street. Witness. He had on a corduroy jacket, fustian trowsers, and a netted cap.





GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (police-sergeant, P 1.) I received information of this about 21st Sept., 1849, from Drew—he gave me a description, and I knew the prisoner—I went in search of him, but saw nothing of him till the 6th Nov., when he was in custody at Marl borough-street on another charge—there were several persons in the passage, and Drew selected the prisoner—no one pointed him out to him—he was sentenced to three months on that charge—I went to apprehend him, when he was discharged from that, but I mistook the proper time, and when I got there he was gone—I next saw him on 21st Feb., 1851, at a public-house door in the Mint, in the Borough—I did not take him as I was on my way to the Judges Chambers—I gave information to another officer who was in search of him.

Prisoner. This man has teen me about with fruit on my head; I have passed him. Witness. I have not seen him; I should certainly have taken him if I had.





RICHARD MOSS
 (policeman, P 330.) I received information from Quinnear about the prisoner—I took him for another robbery.

Prisoner. Since I came out from the three months, I have been getting an honest living by selling fruit. Witness. I have been looking for him ever since he came out of Totbill-fields, but I have not been able to find him.





JOHN STOREY
 (City-policeman, 414.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted, March, 1847, and confined nine months)—the prisoner is the man—he belongs to a most notorious gang.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

