




449. 



JOHN DEAN
 and 




WILLIAM BARNES



, stealing 2 carriage lamps, value 15s.; the goods of 




William Mason: Barnes having been before convicted.






EDWARD DOWNING
 (policeman, B 46). On Monday night, 21st Jan., about twenty minutes to eight o'clock, I saw the prisoners together in Sloanesquare—Barnes had this bag (produced), with something in it—they went to the corner of George-street, and then separated—I followed Barnes, stopped him, and asked him what he had got—he said, "This man (pointing to where Dean was standing) gave them to me to carry for him"—I afterwards opened the bag, and found these two carriage lamps (produced)—1 knew Dean before, and am sure he is the man—he was gone when I returned from the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. They separated before you came up?A. Yes; they walked about 200 or 300 yards together—I did not see Dean for three or four days afterwards—I did not inquire of any one as to who had been with Barnes that night—I knew who he was—when I came back from the station, I just went to look at George-street; it was in much less than an hour's time—I was not more than ten yards from the when they separated.





WILLIAM MASON
. I am a hackney-man, and live in the New-road, Sloane-street. These two lamps belong to my cab—they were safe on 21st Jan., about seven o'clock in the evening, in the cab, at my door, in the mews about 400 hundred yards from where Barnes was taken.

Cross-examined.
Q. Do you own the cab? A. Yes; it was in the road—I have no yard.





MARK LOOM
 (policeman, B 11). I took Dean—I knocked at the door, and called, "Fanny"—I knew a person named Fanny lived there with him—I looked through the door, and saw them both there—the prisoner put on this trowsers, and tried to escape out of the window, I called out, "Constable,

stand against the window!"—the prisoner then came to the door—I told him the charge—he said he could prove he was out that night collecting linen for his mother.

Cross-examined. Q. You were looking through the key-hole of the door in the passage? A. Yes; the street-door was open—the prisoner opened the window in the ground-floor leading into the court—two other constables were in the court.





ALFRED TAYLOR
 (policeman, B 86). On the Monday, a week before I was at the police-court, about a quarter-past six o'clock in the evening, I saw both the prisoners together in Vauxhall Bridge-road, going towards Grosvenor-place.

Cross-examined. Q. Might it not have been a fortnight before they were at the police-court? A. No; I did not write it down—I was examined nine or ten days after—I watched them half an hour—I know it was Monday, because I was on duty in the Vauxhall-road—I was not on duty there the week before—I commenced duty there on the day in question—I was on duty in the same place on the Tuesday—I had before been on night duty in another part—that was the first time I went on day duty.





ALFRED JOHN FINN
. I produce a certificate of Barnes's conviction—(read—Convicted June, 1848; confined twelve months)—I was present—he is the person.

DEAN—


NOT GUILTY
.

BARNES—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

