



841. 




HENRY HARRISON



, feloniously accusing one 



Anderson Massey of having attempted to commit an abominable crime, with intent to extort money.—Other COURTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






ANDERSON MASSEY
. I live and carry on business at 58, Baker-street, Portman-square, the Baker-street Bazaar. I am in partnership with my brother, Mr. William Massey, and have been so about eight months—before that I carried on business as a linen draper, at Stamford, in Lincolnshire—I am twenty-nine years of age—I had been in business as a linen draper six years—I am a Lincolnshire man—my father was a very large farmer there—I have one brother, who lives at St. John's-wood, who has an appointment in the city, and another brother who is an ironmonger, at the Baker-street Bazaar—on Friday, 30th July, I went in an omnibus, from St. John's-wood to Charing-cross—I dismounted from the omnibus at Charing-cross—I left my brother's at 10 minutes to 10 o'clock, and I think it must have been about 20 minutes past 10 when I got from the omnibus—on my return from there I passed the back of the barracks—I had no occasion to pass it, but I did pass it, on my way back to St. John's-wood—there is a urinal there at the corner of a street, where the baths and washhouses are—I do not know the name of that street; it is at the back of the barracks—there are six divisions to the urinal—I have made a model of it since (producing it)—there is a gas light at the end of it—there is no gas light at the top—you can go into it from either side—I am not sure whether I went in to the third or fourth division from the side nearest the baths—while there I did not speak to a soul—I did nothing while I was there except the purpose for which I went in—when I first went there the place was full, and two others waiting—I did not see the prisoner there—I went in, and came out.

COURT. Q. Did you wait outside or inside? A. Just inside—there were two others inside, and the places were all full—I entered at the further end, and came back the same way.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You do not mean that you waited inside the unnal?


A. No; not inside it—the wall comes a little further on, and that was where I waited.

COURT. Q. Did you wait inside the enclosure? A. No; just inside the wall, close by.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. There is a long wall there I believe, and this place is fastened against the wall, there being more wall on each side of it, out-side the place? A. Yes—when I left I should think there were four persons there—it was perfectly light—I came out at the end against the baths, and turned to the left to come into Princes-street, that leads into Oxendon-street, and into Coventry-street—it is the only direct street into Coventry-street—I went straight up, I passed the baths and washhouses, and turned westward towards the Haymarket—I did not go up a street called Arundel-street, which has no turning, and then come back again—my attention has been since called to Arundel-street—I certainly did not go up there—I went through Titch-bourne-street, into Regent-street—I continued part of the way up Regent-street, on the right side—I then crossed over to the left, and waited to hear a band playing, I should think about eight minutes—it was playing in one of the bye streets leading out of there—I then proceeded to the Regent-circus, where the omnibuses stop to take up persons—up to that spot nobody had spoken to me—I had not the slightest idea that any one was following me—I had passed many policemen between the urinal and the Regent-circus—I waited about fire or six minutes for an omnibus before one came up—during that time no one spoke to me—there were policemen standing there—at the expiration of that time I was about to get upon an omnibus—I had not got up—I was just moving from the causeway to get up; I had not touched it; I was close to it; it had stopped—any one could tell by my manner that I was going upon it; and as I was going, the prisoner touched me on the shoulder in this way, took hold of my left arm, and said, in a low tone, "I want to speak to you"—I turned round, and he said, "You have been guilty of an indecent assault upon me at the back of the Trafalgar barracks, and I mean to have your name and address"—he was not dressed half so well as he is now—I had never seen him before until that moment—I turned round, and said to him, "You villain, what do you mean? I have never seen you in my life before, and I am only surprised at your audacity in making such an accusation"—he replied, "Oh, we shall see"—I said, "I suppose you are one of those fellows that require feeing, but you will be mightily deceived in the person you have got to deal with, for not one penny, or one farthing, or a single fraction would I give you if it were to save your soul"—I felt very intimidated; indeed I think I might have been knocked down with a straw at that moment—he kept saying, "Oh, we shall see," and he said he was determined to have my name and address—I said, "If my name and address is all you require, that I can easily accommodate you with," or "give to you"—I took out my card-case, and was going to give him my card—I took out my pencil also, to write my address upon it; but it struck me just at the moment, that if I gave him my address, that would be all he required, and he might annoy me in after life, in writing or some other mode, and I thought I bad better not give it—I gave him a card—it was afterwards produced by him at the police-office—I did not tell him my address when I gave him the card—I said I was going to St. John's-wood, near the Eyre Arms—I said that I lived near there—the omnibus was not stopping all this time; it had gone on—I then walked on, up Oxford-street, partly on the left side, as far as Duke-street, and then crossed over to the right, the northern side, the side nearest St. John's-wood—I turned up Duke-street, into Manchester-square, and ultimately into Baker-street

—that is the street in which I carry on business—during the time this took place, as we went along, I repeatedly saw police-officers, up Oxford-street, and likewise in Manchester-square—when I got to Dorset-street, which is a street crossing Baker-street, I turned round, and said "Now I shall not allow you to follow me or insult me any further"—as we went along he repeatedly spoke to me, but I never made any reply—he kept following me—I was conscious of his following me—he said he was as much a gentleman as I was—and what a very fine sort of a gentleman I must be, and those sort of observations—and in Baker-street I said, "I shall not allow you to follow me, or insult me any further"—we had passed a policeman about thirty yards in Baker-street, and I turned back and met the policeman—he was following us, and I said to him, "This man has a charge to prefer against me, policeman, you must take me into custody, and hear what he has to say"—at the very moment I began to speak, the prisoner also said, "I give this person," or "gentleman in charge"—I spoke first; I am sure of that—we met the policeman—the prisoner said he gave me in charge for an indecent assault at the back of Trafalgar-square—he must have seen the policeman as we passed him in Baker-street; he could not help seeing him—we were going in the same direction—the prisoner was behind me—I said to the policeman, "Now, supposing this accusation to be true, what should you have done to the person that did it? would you not at once have knocked him down?"—the policeman said, "Certainly, I would"—I went to the station with the policeman—the prisoner there preferred the charge, and I was locked up all night with other prisoners—some drunken, horrid fellows were in the same den where I was put—the prisoner was not detained in custody—he was allowed to depart—next morning I was taken to Marlborough-street police-office, put into the dock, and the prisoner appeared against me—he was sworn and examined—after the case was finished on his part, the worthy Magistrate, Mr. Hardwick, dismissed the charge at once, and made us change places, and bound me over to prosecute at this Court—that was the Magistrate's own act—there is not the slightest foundation for saying that I put my hand upon his private parts in this urinal, or that I exposed my person to him—I had never seen him to my knowledge till he approached me at the omnibus.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are you an inhabitant of London? A. Yes; I live at 58, Baker-street, and carry on business there as an ironmonger—I do not sleep there—since I have come to town I have had no settled home of my own—I live sometimes with one brother at St. John's Wood, and sometimes with another at Cricklewood—I always sleep at one of those two—on this evening I was going to St. John's Wood—I had spent the evening with my brother at St. John's Wood, and had come down to Charing-cross merely for a lounge—I believe it was 10 minutes to 10 when I left my brother's—I had not been anywhere—I merely rode down to Charing-cross for a lounge, and then I came back, and went to this urinal—it was full, and two persons besides myself were waiting—I was outside the two others, they were before me—I should say neither of those was the prisoner—I am not able to say with certainty—after leaving there, I turned to the left, past the baths—that may be considered rather a retired spot—I am not much accustomed to the locality—I think there are a great many people about there—it is rather thickly populated—there were a great many persons about there that night—I went up Princes-street and Oxendon-street—that is a very extensive thoroughfare—I then got into Coventry-street—I did not go up a street into Panton-square—I did not turn up

towards Panton-square at all; I am quite sure of that—I did not turn up any street—I crossed Coventry-street from the left to the right, a little further on than Oxendon-street—I did not go into Leicester-square at all— I did not go down Arundel-street or Arundel-place—Regent-circus is a very populous place—the prisoner did not come up to me, or make any observation to me until I got there—after he first spoke to me I might have called the attention of the police: I did not do so, because such a thing never struck me at the moment—there were, of course, plenty of passers by to whom I might have spoken—I asked the policeman if the charge were true, and a man had conducted himself to him, as the prisoner said I had done, whether he would not have knocked him down—the same reasoning would certainly apply to the charge as to the offence; I might have knocked the prisoner down when be charged me, but that would have been taking the law at once into my own hands—I did not see the policeman when I was locked up.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. I suppose you were a good deal excited at the time? A. I was very much so indeed—it was a very fine night, moonlight —there is no pretence for saying that I went up Arundel-street, Panton-square.





JOHN MARSHALL
 (policeman, 118 D). On Friday night, 30th July, I was in Baker-street, between 10 and 11 o'clock—I saw the prisoner and Mr. Massey pass me—it was not a very moonlight night—it was near 11, within a few minutes—after they had passed me about forty yards, they suddenly turned round—I had just come out of Dorset-street into Baker-street—they stopped, and I came up to them.

Q. When you came up to them, recollect if you can which of the two spoke to you first, or whether they spoke together, and what was said? A. I distinctly heard the prisoner say that he would give that gentleman in charge for committing an indecent assault upon him—he repeated that three or four times over—Mr. Massey spoke near about the same time, but I did not hear his words, and do not know what it was he said—I did not hear them talking before I came up—I did not notice, because I came out of Dorset-street into Baker-street, I did not come right along Baker-street—I took Mr. Massey into custody, and took him to the station—the prisoner went with us and preferred his charge—I saw him sign the charge-sheet in the name of Henry Horner—Mr. Massey was locked up all night—I was present next day—the prisoner appeared, and gave his evidence—the charge was dismissed, and he was put into the dock by order of Mr. Hardwick—Mr. Massey went into the witness box, and was bound over to prosecute.

Q. Was that done by Mr. Hardwick, or was he applied to to do it? A. I never saw any one make the application—the case lasted a long time.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe I may take it that my friend Mr. Charnock was there, and a solicitor into the bargain? A. I do not know, there were several gentlemen there—the prisoner had no solicitor there—I did not know Mr. Charnock then—I never heard the name—I did not hear it on that occasion.





NASSAU O'BRIEN
 (police-inspector). On Friday, July 30th, the last witness brought Mr. Massey to Marylebone-lane station on a charge—that charge was given by the prisoner, and was signed by him—it was read over to him—I produce the charge-sheet—the charge was, indecently assaulting complainant at the back of the National Gallery, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—Mr. Massey was locked up—I was not at the police court in the morning—the prisoner gave his name and address as Henry Horner,

37, New Cut, Lambeth, baker—he signed his name, and I wrote the address from his dictation.





WILLIAM BISHOP
. I am clerk to the Magistrates at Marlborough-street Police office. I was on duty there as clerk on Saturday morning, 31st July, when a charge was preferred by the prisoner against Mr. Massey—the prisoner was sworn—I took a note of the evidence—this is it—(read)—Henry Harrison, of No. 55, York-road, Lambeth, baker, sworn—I was coming from my father's last night to Princes-street, Leicester-square, and I went into the urinal at the back of the barracks, at the back of the National Gallery—I went into the first place vacant—the prisoner was in the next place, and put his hand round and took hold of my penis in a very indecent manner, and turned round and exposed himself to me—I went out and followed him, for the purpose of seeing where he lived, with a view to give him in charge—I followed him to Regent-circus, Oxford-street, where he was going to take an omnibus—I said to him, 'You cannot go there, Sir'—he said, 'Why?'—I said, 'Because you have acted in a very indecent manner to me down by the barracks;' and I followed him, for the purpose of seeing where he lived, and then to call a policeman—when I accused him of it he told me he did not know anything of me, and denied all knowledge of me—then he said, 'I will give you my address if you require it, and you can call on me in the morning; I live at St. John's Wood'—he pulled out his card and gave it to me, with the name of Anderson Massey on it—he was going to write upon it, and I said, 'If it is your card, is not your address printed on it?'—he said, 'No; I will write it'—then he said, 'Give me your address first, if you are a gentleman'—I told him I was not a gentleman, but a baker; and, perhaps, as much a gentleman as he was—he then said, going along, he supposed I wanted feeing—I said, 'Feeing! I don't understand you, what do you mean?'—he said, 'I dare say you don't; have you never been at school? you look like one of those rascals that does'—nothing further occurred till we were in Baker-street; there, he said if I wanted to go to see his residence I might have ridden in the omnibus with him, and he would pay for me if I had not the means—I told him I was not without a shilling, and did not consent to any such proposal, and I looked on his statement as all untrue—when we got about twenty yards past a constable he said, 'There is a constable we have passed, and if you mean giving me in charge you had better do so'—I said, 'If you will turn round I will'—it was then close on 11—I went up to the constable and said, 'Take this man in charge for an indecent assault'—he was taken to the station—Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK.—I am a single man—am twenty-two years of age—live with my father, work for him—have been at home nine months and previously worked for Mr. Gilbertson, in Judd-street, three or four months—before that, was at Mr. Robertson's, Macclesfield-street, six months— before, I was at a house of call, and my father's—I was nine months with Mr. Ryan, in Gilbert-street—before that, at Mr. Dales Chapman, Lansdown-place—I gave my name when I gave the charge, 'Henry Horner'—that was false, and a false address—New Cut, Lambeth, is a false address—I cannot swear that I said I was connected with the Bread League—I might have said so and forgotten it—I never before went by the name of Henry Horner, or gave a false address before, or by any false name—I do not know such a person at 37, New Cut, Lambeth—it first came into my head at the station, to give a false name and address—my reason was, when I was in the country I knew a young chap of that name, and his name came into my head—I do not know who lives at 37; I fixed upon it by accident

—I regretted it when I got home that I had given a false name and address—the urinal is at the corner of a street—I do not know that there are six places in it—I do not deny I have been there before, perhaps a dozen times, I cannot tell—there is a gaslight there—there are two entrances to the urinal—I cannot say if all the places were filled—I did not cry out or give any alarm—I believe I came out before him—I made no charge on the spot; I did not exchange a word with him from coming out of the urinal till we got to the Regent-circus—I think he saw me following him—he passed the baths into Princes-street, Oxendon-street, Coventry-street, up Arundel-street, where there is no thoroughfare, along Titchborne-street to Regent-street, and crossed over—some music was playing; he stopped not a minute there—it was 10 when he insulted me—it was about half an hour to the time he was getting on the omnibus—I saw two or three policemen on the road; the first, I think, was in Regent-street—I am not sure I did not meet one before that—I did not inquire for one, because I wanted to expose him by finding his address—I saw the policeman in Oxford-street—the prisoner went to run, he did run about twenty yards—I followed him—I told him when he wanted to write his address, 'That won't do for me'—I would not let him go in the bus—he turned up Duke-street, and said he was going to St. John's-wood—I did not exchange a word with him all the way, hardly—we went more than fifty houses into Baker-street before anything was said to the police—in Baker-street the prisoner did not say, 'I will not permit you to follow me'—he did not stop in Manchester-square—I am not known to the police—I have been an attorney's clerk, with Mr. Guy—I had 5s. a week, and left of my own accord—I was there twelve months, five or six years ago—he said, 'I suppose you want feeing' in Manchester-square—I thought if I did not follow him I should not get his correct address—he gave me the card in Duke-street—I did not give him my address; I told him I would give it to his superiors—I did not know what he meant by feeing me—I have been in a police court before at Lambeth—a man was fined for assaulting me—I never made any charge against any person in the police court, or against any one since—I have not latterly received any money from my father, but my father gives me 1s. or so when I ask—when there is much doing, I am employed from 4 in the morning till the afternoon—yesterday I was in doors all day sitting—I did not go out till half past 9 last night—I was on my way to my house of call—I went over Westminster-bridge up Parliament-street to Charing-cross; then necessity required and I went into the urinal—he did not lay hold of me till I had pumped ship—I cannot say how long I ceased to work as a baker—it is about nine months since I earned any money—I slept at my father's last night—it may be a month since any business has been done at my father's."

Q. Is that a true account of what passed? A. It is; upon that, Mr. Hardwick said, "I do not believe one word of the statement against Mr. Massey," and dismissed the charge.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
JOHN MARSHALL. Q. Did you make inquiries at the prisoner's father's to find out whether his account was true? A. I did; I found that he was living at home at his father's.

JURY. Q. What is his father? A. A baker, but the shop was shut up.

COURT. Q. Where does he live? A. 55, York-road, Lambeth.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. That was the address he gave at the police court? A. Yes; his father has been carrying on the business of a baker there, but it appears that he has not been doing any business for some time—there was nothing in the shop when I went there—there was no bread in the shop; the shutters were down, but there were no scales, or bread, or anything in the shop.

(MR. BALLANTINE
stated that he had no imputation whatever to cast upon the prosecutor; the only question was, whether the prisoner had acted bond fide, or whether he might not have mistaken the prosecutor for the person who had committed the alleged assault upon him.)
(William Ryan, baker, 34, Gilbert-street, Grosvenor-square; William Tingay, licensed victualler, 18, Princes-street, Leicester-square; James Hume, baker, St. Michael's-place, Brompton; John Trigwell, builder, Brompton; William Phipps, coal merchant, Wandsworth; William Woodward, flour agent, 1, Surrey-square, Old Kent-road; and George Lapham, baker, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

