




1761. 




CHARLES WINTER
 and 




ELIZABETH COLLINS



, stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 4 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 1 groat, and 6 pence; the property of 



Francois Hendrich, from his person.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City-policeman, 21). On 9th Oct. I was in plain clothes, in St. Martin's-le-Grand, and saw Collins walking with Mr. Hendrich—(I did not know her before)—they walked down St. Ann's-lane—I followed them for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—Winter followed them at a distance of twelve or twenty yards; sometimes on the same side of the way, and sometimes on the other—Collins left Mr. Hendrich in a hurried manner, and ran up Foster-lane, across St. Ann's-lane—Winter followed her almost immediately—I spoke to Mr. Hendrich; and, in consequence of what he said, I west after them—they were walking arm-in-arm along Aldersgate-street—they crossed, and went up Westmoreland-buildings—I met a brother officer, and spoke to him, and to the sergeant—I went after the prisoners—they both turned round, and at that moment I saw their hands join for an instant, as if something was passing—Winter started off running, and turned up Albion-buildings—I pursued him—after he had run a short distance, I heard something drop from him, which sounded like money—I overtook him, and brought him hack to the place, about twenty yards—I got a lamp lit, and could find nothing; but in the area of 21, Albion-buildings, opposite the spot, I found this purse (produced) open, with four half-crowns, five shillings, a 4d. piece, and 6d. in copper, in it; and 3s. or 4s. in the area—Collins was secured by the sergeant—the prisoners were taken to the station, where Collins threw herself down in the dock, and declared she was drunk, and that the did not know what she was about—I am certain it was not real—the said, speaking of Winter, "I never saw the man before in my life; I do not know anything at all about him"—Winter said, "She is a stranger to me, I know nothing at all about her."





JOHN HAYES
 (City-policeman, 256). On 9th Oct., at night, I was on duty, near Aldersgate-street, in plain clothes—I accompanied Haydon to Westmoreland-buildings—I saw a man and woman cross Aldersgate-street, and go up the buildings—I was not near enough to say whether the prisoners are the persons—we followed them—they looked round, saw us, and separated—the man ran down Albion-buildings, and the woman through Bartholomew-close—I caught her—it was Collins—I handed her over to the sergeant, then went round the other way, and met Winter in Haydon's custody—I am certain he is the same man I saw running away.

Winter. Q. Did not you take another young man at the same time that Haydon took me? A. Yes; he came out of his house, in the court, to see what was the matter—his appearance was similar to what I had seen of you, and I thought you bad run into the house; but seeing that Haydon had got you, I let the man go.





FRANCOIS HENDRICH
 (through an interpreter). I am a merchant, of Brussels. On 9th Oct., about eleven o'clock, I was near St. Paul's—I had my purse in my waistcoat-pocket, with 12s. or 13s. in it—there were some shillings among it—it was safe when I left a public-house near the Post-office—in four or five minutes Collins came up to me—I had been walking with her about ten minutes when Winter came up, and separated us—he

asked me, I supposed, the way to St. Paul's—they then both ran away—Haydon came up, and I missed my purse—this is it (produced).





EDWARD THOMAS FREDERICK HANCOCK
 (City-policeman, 229). I was on duty in Paternoster-row, about half-past ten o'clock, in uniform, and saw Collins and a gentleman going towards Cheapside, and Winter following about twenty yards off—I followed them a short distance—something then took my attention, and the prisoners were then out of sight—I am sure they are the persons—I had seen Collins about twenty minutes before, talking to a gentleman in Lovett's-court—I gave the gentleman a caution about Collins, and she abused me, and called me a filthy name.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-sergeant, F). I have known the prisoners five or six years by seeing them in the street together from dusk till between twelve and one o'clock at night—I have seen Winter walking behind Collins when she has accosted gentlemen.

Winter. I can prove I have not been in London six months. Have not you said you would transport me if it lay in your power? Witness. Never; I have not knocked you down; I know you and all your pals; you live at 18, Clement's-lane, with Collins.

Collins. I have only been in London two years. Witness. I do not think you have been here six months; you come backwards and forwards from Bath; when anything is going on there I miss you for a week.

WINTER—


GUILTY
.* Aged 32

COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.





Transported for Seven Years.

