



466. 




THOMAS COOLEY



. stealing 1 plane, and other tools, value 3s. 1s.; the goods of 



John Mellish Key Hahn.






JOHN MELLISH KEY HAHN
. I live at Wandsworth. These tools (produced) are mine—I swear to this chisel, it having been made by a person I know; and this plane I know by the paint marks and notches—I did not miss them till I was spoken to about them on 1st Feb.—I had last seen them safe aout two months before—they were kept in a loft over the stable.

Prisoner. You said at the police-court that you could almost swear to them. Witness. I cannot swear to some of them, but I can to these three.

JURY. Q. Was the loft locked? A. Yes; and there is a trap door, to which there it a ladder—it was padlocked, and the key was kept in the house

—I heard the door had been wrenched away some time before, but I did not think any one could get in.





THOMAS OATLEY
 (policeman, V 190). On Sunday evening, 1st Feb., about 7 o'clock, I saw the prisoner at Wandsworth, coming in a direction from Mr. Hahn's premises—when he saw me he crossed to the other side of the road, and stopped a minute—I went towards him, and he set off running as hard as he could, and I lost sight of him—I noticed he had something bulky in his pockets—I saw him in about five minutes after, standing against the Roman Catholic chapel door, with seven or eight other lads—I knew his person, and am certain he is the lad—I went, caught hold of him, and asked him what made him run back when he saw me—he said he never saw me, and he did not run back—I asked what he had got about him—he said, "Nothing"—I saw he had something, felt round his jacket, and in the inside pocket found this plane, three chisels, and a brad-awl—he said they were his—I took him to the station, he resisted all the way, and in the scuffle I lost one of the chisels.

Prisoner. After I was in custody, did you go to my mother, and ask her whether I had any tools, or whether she had any? No.





HENRY ELLIOTT
. I am in Mr. Hahn's service. The tools were kept in the loft over the stable—the loft is kept locked, and the young ladies keep the key at the house; but there is a hole inside the stable, by which a person could get into the loft—on 2nd Feb. I found the stable-door ajar; the screws had been drawn out of it.




GUILTY
.

The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.






GEORGE MAYNARD
 (policeman, V 21). I produce a certificate of previous conviction—(read—Thomas Cooley, Convicted March, 1860, at the Central Criminal Court, of breaking and entering a dwelling-house—
Confined Eighteen Months)—I was present—the prisoner is the man.

GUILTY.*†Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

