




1067. 




CHARLES MATTHEWS
 and 




THOMAS SLANEY



, stealing 1 clock, and 8 lead patterns, value 27s.; the goods of 



Eldred Wood.—Matthews having been before convicted: to which


SLANEY pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Six Months.






ELDRED WOOD
. I am an iron-founder; Slaney was in my service about two years ago, and I have seen him about since. On 12th May, about a quarter or half-past five o'clock in the morning, I missed a clock from the foundry wall, which was locked up, and some leaden patterns, which I had seen safe the previous evening, about half-past eight, in a cupboard.





JAMES WARD
. I live in Agar town, about 150 yards from Mr. Wood. On 12th May, about a quarter or twenty minutes past five o'clock, I was passing his foundry, saw the door open, and Slaney inside—Matthews was outside, and he asked me to give him a light, as I was smoking a pipe—I gave him one and walked on—he called me back, and asked for another—I gave him another, walked on about a hundred yards, looked back, and saw Matthews watching me—I saw Matthews give Slaney a bag while he was inside—I gave information to the police, I afterwards went to Cambridge-crescent, and found Matthews behind a cottage and Slaney in a water-closet—Matthews was taken.

Matthews. Q. How far were you from me? A. Across the road—you could have gone away if you had chosen—you took the bag from under your left arm, and gave it to Slaney with your right arm.





JAMES SWEETLAND
 (policeman, S 281). I received information from Ward, and went with him to Cambridge-crescent, when I saw the prisoners, one in a water-closet and the other outside—this bag, containing these lead patterns and clock (produced), was lying in the garden, six or seven yards from them—I asked Matthews whose bag it was, and he said he knew nothing of it—I said, "I do not think it is all right," and immediately Slaney made his escape over the wall—I took Matthews, and apprehended Slaney about halfpast twelve at night—where I found the bag was about 200 yards from the foundry.

Matthews. Q. Could not I have escaped as well as Slaney? A. Not well.


Matthews' Defence. I met Slaney, who said he was going after employment to Camden Town, to his brother's, who was a smith; I knew his brother was a smith, and went to these premises, supposing they were his; I could have escaped if I had pleased, and if I had been guilty, I should not have gone after Ward several times.





EDWARD CHARLES GERNSA
 (policeman, 272 S.) I produce a certificate of Matthews' conviction—(read—Convicted, Oct. 1849, on his own confession, and confined six weeks)—I was present—he is the person.

MATTHEWS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

