



50. 




CORNELIUS MAHONEY
, was indicted

for a robbery on 



Charles Hart, and stealing from his person 3s. 6d.; his moneys.


MR. LILLET
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES HART
. I am a coach-painter, and live in Cross-street, Leather-lane. On Sunday morning, 16th Nov., I was leaving a house in Bell-court, Grays'-inn-lane, at half-past 3 o'clock,—it was a private house—I had been drinking there—I was not the worse for liquor—a person struck me on the side of the head just as I was going out of the door—I defended myself, and the prisoner came and struck me a very heavy blow on the side of the head, and then he put his hands in both my pockets—he took from my left-hand pocket three shillings and one sixpence—I seized his hand, held him till I saw a policeman, and gave him in charge—I did not see what the prisoner did with my money—I heard money sound on the pavement, but I did not see him throw it away.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say that I struck you as you came out of the house? A. Yes; I do not know how many were drinking gin in the house—I was not turned out; I went out to go home—I was not fighting—I was defending myself as well as I could—you were not drinking with me—I never saw you before—there was not a coalheaver drinking with me, nor a coal-heaver in the house to my knowledge.





JAMES BEATTIE
 (policeman, G 53). On Sunday morning, 16th Nov., I was on duty at half-past 3 o'clock in Bell-court, Gray's-inn-lane—I saw a number of persons fighting in the court; Hart was one—I saw the prisoner go behind him and raise his right-hand—Hart turned round, and the prisoner struck him a very violent blow with his right-hand on the side of the head—it made him stagger—after striking him the prisoner placed both his hands in Hart's trowsers' pocket—I seized him immediately by the collar of the coat—he raised his right-hand, and threw something which I heard fall on the stones, which I

believe to have been silver coin—I searched, but none was to be found—it was dark, but my lamp was full on, and the street-lamp was there, which made it very light—as soon as he threw the coin, he turned and dealt me a violent blow on the head; had it not been for the shutters of a house I should have gone down—he got from me—I followed him very closely, and did not lose sight of him—I stopped him again, and he succeeded in getting away a second time, and ran into the passage of a house in Bell-court—I followed him into the passage—he threw the door to, which caught my knee with a violent blow—I got in and caught him again, and with Hart's assistance I got him to the station.

Prisoner. Q. Why did you not look for the money? A. It was looked for, but your companions had succeeded in getting it—I saw some persons stoop and pick up something—I made a search for it about ten minutes afterwards.

COURT. Q. When you first came up, how many persons did you see? A. About nine, all scuffling together—I saw Hart extricate himself from the crowd—there seemed to be a general scuffle altogether—they were all fighting together—that was before the prisoner struck Hart—Hart said, "What are you doing with your band in my pocket?" and he said to me, "Policeman, do you see what this man is doing?"—I saw him with both his hands in Hart's pocket—there was nothing to explain what the fighting was about—I saw some persons on the spot where I think the money fell—I saw one stoop down and pick up something—I saw the coalheaver come up afterwards.

COURT
to
CHARLES HART. Q. You did not tell us about eight or nine persons being fighting? A. There were four of us companions, and some persons came out of the house at the time we did—I was struck by one man, and was defending myself against him—there was one young man with me, but he did not help me—I struck the man down that struck me, and they were helping him up—I had seen the money just before I came out of the house.

Prisoner's Defence. We had been paying for gin from half-past 12 o'clock till the time we came out.




GUILTY
. † Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

