



630. 




HENRY FUCHS



. feloniously and knowingly uttering a forged 10l. note, with intent to defraud. (See page 732.)


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN MEARA
. I am a waiter, at the Abbey Tavern, St. John's-wood. On 19th April the prisoner came there, between 2 and 3 o'clock in the afternoon; he asked for a pint of ale, and went into the pleasure ground—I took it to him—he then asked what we had for dinner—I said we had roast beef, and he said, "Bring me some roast beef, pickles, and bread"—I took them to him—he asked me what they came to; I told him 10d.—he said it was very cheap, and gave me 1s., and told me to keep the change—after that he had a cigar; he gave me 6d. for that, and I gave him 3d. change—he then asked if we had some coffee—I told him we did not keep it ready made, but we would make him a cup—he said, "Bring me a cup of coffee and some brandy"—I took it him, and he gave me a 10l. note—I took it to the bar to get change—I only looked at it to see what the amount was—I pointed out the prisoner to Reed the barman, and the officer—I had no other 10l. note about me at the time.





WILLIAM REED
. I am barman, at the Abbey Tavern. On the night of 19th April I remember Meara bringing me a 10l. note for change; I looked at it, and instantly discovered it was a forgery—I sent for a policeman, and went with him into the pleasure ground; Meara pointed out the prisoner—I said to him, "You have sent in a forged 10l. note; are you aware of it?"—he said he was not aware that it was a bad note—I said, "Whether

you were or no, I intend giving you in charge, to have it investigated"—I then gave him in charge to the officer—this is the note; I kept possession of it till I marked it "Wm. R" at the station, and gave it to inspector Chambers.





GEORGE BOND
 (policeman, D 265). On 19th April I went to the Abbey Tavern, St. John's-wood, and went with Reed into the pleasure ground—I told the prisoner that he had been endeavouring to utter a forged 10l. note—he said he was not aware it was a bad one—I took him into custody—on the way to the station, I asked him where he had got the note—he said at the hotel at which he was stopping, in Leicester-square—as we were going along he made a snatch from me, and ran away—I ran after him, and caught him; he then said he was a Frenchman—at the station inspector Chambers asked him his name and address; he said, "Henry Fucks, No. 77, Castle-street, Leicester-square"—he was asked his occupation—he said he was a tobacconist—the inspector asked him where he got the note—he said he got it of a man who came to buy a few cigars of him—he was then locked up—that same evening I went to No. 77, Castle-street, Leicester-square; it was a small tobacconist's shop, with the name of "H. Fuchs" over the door; I saw a few cigars there—the shop was searched by another constable.

Prisoner. When he took me away from the tavern, I did not say that I was stopping at an hotel in Leicester-square; I told him that I took it from a man in my business, who told me that he was at an hotel in Leicester-square. Witness. I am quite sure that he said he was stopping at an hotel in Leicester-square; not that he took it of a man that was stopping at the hotel.





CHARLES BOW
 (policeman, S 83). I went to this tobacco shop in Castle-street on 24th April, and took the woman into custody, who was tried yesterday.





WILLIAM WYBURD
. I am an inspector of Bank notes, at the Bank of England. This note produced is a forgery—the paper is not the same as a Bank of England note; there is an imitation of the watermark.
(The prisoner not being able to speak English with ease, made his defence in German, which was interpreted by one of the Jury, as follows: "Some one that lived at an hotel in Leicester-square came to my shop, which is a cigar shop, and purchased 2s. worth of cigars, and tendered this note in payment; I gave him the change, not knowing that it was a forged note; and two days afterwards I went to this pleasure ground, where I was taken into custody.")




GUILTY
. Aged 24—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Cresswell and the Fourth Jury.

