



411. 




MARY DWYER



, stealing 2 pairs of trowsers, value 13s.; the goods of 




John Finch: having been twice before convicted.






JOHN FINCH
. I am a clothier, and live in Tooley-street. These trowsers are mine; I lost them on Saturday fortnight, about four o'clock—they were hanging outside the door; I saw them safe about half an hour before they were taken—I went after the prisoner in consequence of information—I did not see her—when I came back she was in my shop with the party who brought her back.





ANN FAGG
. I live in Tooley-street, nearly opposite Mr. Finch's. On that evening I was at my window, and saw the prisoner take the trowsers off Mr. Finch's line—she folded them up, put them under her shawl, and walked away towards Bermondsey-street.





EDWIN PALMER
. I live with Mr. Eldridge, at 272, Bermondsey-street, which is about 300 yards from Mr. Finch's. On that Saturday night, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I found these trowsers in the passage of Mr. Eldridge's shop—I took them back to the prosecutor.





THOMAS WAKEFIELD
 (policeman, M 122). I received the prisoner in charge—when I was taking her to the station, she said if she had got the trowsers she would keep them.

Prisoner. I did not say that; I was passing that woman's house, and she said there was two pairs of trowsers lost; I went over to Mr. Finch's, and he said I was like the person, and took me; I know nothing about the trowsers.





JOHN FINCH

re-examined. Mr. Fagg's boy brought the prisoner back; he saw nothing of it, but the daughter saw it, and sent him after her.





JOHN FIELDING
 (policeman, M 241). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Newington by the name of Mary Coleman—(read Convicted March, 1849; confined three months)—she is the person.





THOMAS HORTON
 (police-sergeant, L 43). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Newington by the name of Mary Ryan—(read—Convicted May, 1850, and confined six months)—I was present; she is the person.

Prisoner. It was not me; they are swearing false against me.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.

