




1394. 




JAMES SPEERING
 and 




GEORGE ROGERS
 were indicted for

 a robbery on 



Patrick Quegley, and stealing from his person 1 half-sovereign, 4 half-crowns, and 5 shillings, his moneys.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






PATRICK QUEGLEY
. I am a labourer, at Southgate. On Sunday night, 28th July, I was drinking with the prisoners at the Crown—I left a few minutes before twelve o'clock, and went towards my master's house—the prisoners came up to me—I spoke to Speering, and said, "James, where are you going?"—he said, "I want your money"—I said, "Do you mean that? I have very little money about me, and I work very hard, and I wont part with it"—he struck me, and then I knocked him down—Rogers then knocked me down, and Speering laid on me while Rogers cut my pocket out with a jack-knife like this(produced)—it had a half-sovereign and 15s. in it—they weut towards the town—I was afraid to follow them—I went into a field and stopped there all night, and went into the village at daylight—I had seen the money at eleven—10s. of it was wrapped up in an address, which my master had given me to take to America, and the prisoners bet a pot of beer I could not produce another 10s.; I did so, and won the beer—in going to the station Speering said he would give me a little money to go along the road, if I would let him go.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. You paid for the beer you won? A. Yes; I was determined to treat them well, as they had treated me—I had dined at that public-house, and had gone to several others, and afterwards back to the Crown after church-time, and met the prisoners there—I was rather drunk—I did not go to sleep in the field.





ROBERT BAINES
 (policeman, N 367). I am stationed at Southgate. On 29th July, Quegley complained to me, and I took Speering in charge—on the way to the station I heard him say to Quegley, that he would give him some money to go on the road with, if he would not be hard with him—I searched him, and found four pence and this knife—he said he was at home in bed by half-past nine o'clock—I afterwards went with Emery to Speering's lodgings—I knew him before—I saw Emery find in a box, which the landlord pointed out, four half-crowns and sixpence.





THOMAS EMERY
 (police-sergeant, N 39). I went with Baines and Quegley on the 29th, and took Rogers at Colney Hatch—I told him what it was for—

he said it was a lie—in going to the station, he said he had not carried a knife for four months—I searched him, and found this knife in his jacket—he said he was in bed at a quarter to ten on Sunday night.





SARAH GENTLE
. I live at Southgate. Rogers lodged at my house—on Sunday, 28th July, I went to bed at a little after eleven o'clock—he had not come home then—I heard somebody come home soon after midnight, but three of ray lodgers were out.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not say he did not come in? A. I know he did—he could not have come home before I went to bed without my knowing it.

SPEERING—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

ROGERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Ten Years



Before Mr. Baron Plait and the Fourth Jury.

