



545. 




FELIX M'GEE
 was indicted

 for feloniously shooting at 



Michael Collins, with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS WILLIAMS
. I live at Buckingham-place, Marylebone-road, Chelsea. I and some others had taken a room at 27, York-street, for a new society, called the Westminster and Pimlico New Progressive Teetotal Society—the premises were first taken by seven of us—the prisoner was a member, and one of the seven—I was not one of the seven, nor was Collina—it was afterwards extended to fifty-two or fifty-three members—they were shareholders—the shares were taken up at 1l. each in reference to this room—I was one of the fifty-two or fifty-three, and so was Collins—on Thursday evening, 10th March, a general meeting was called for the purpose of arranging the affairs of the society in reference to the manner in which the prisoner had behaved in regard to the society—he had done something to displease some members—a person named Cox was connected with the society—he occupied part of the premises, and was a member—there was a room about seventy feet long, refreshment room, &c.—the prisoner had wished the society to allow him to pay the rent of the premises in his name, and for it to be signed as taken for him only, which was objected to by the members generally, in the prisoner's presence and hearing—on the evening before this happened, I was present when the agent of the landlord was sent for—the prosecutor, Collins, was in the chair—the landlord's agent was asked, in the prisoner's presence, who had taken the premises—his answer was that no one individual had been given up possession of the premises, but the seven had signed the agreement, and the premises had been thrown open—we came to a resolution, in the prisoner's presence, that the key was to be given up by the agent, Mr. Smithan, to our treasurer, Mr. Gwyer, who held it on behalf of the members—you have to go through a house occupied by the agent to get at the premises—the prisoner said in the presence of the meeting, that I and others should not hold two meetings, which we had arranged with the society to hold, one of which was to be called "The Trial of Sir John Barleycorn," and that on the next day he should let it be seen who would hold the possession of the premises—on the next afternoon, from 2 to 3 o'clock, I saw the prisoner on the premises, fitting up a bedstead in the room where our meeting was to be held—he said nothing to me, nor I to him—he had brought bedding there, and a large chest—we were going to hold a committee there that evening—about a quarter to 8, I went to the room, and found the door closed and barred—I knocked two or three times—the prisoner made some answer, which I could not exactly understand—we asked him to let us in—he said we should not enter the premises that night—we told him plainly we wished to bold the committee meeting, which had been appointed in his presence the night before—he still refused—Michael Collins and several other members were present—we broke open the door with a piece of quartering, and saw the prisoner with a small pistol in his hand, which he presented at me—he was about four or five yards from me—he snapped the cock, but it missed fire—Collins then walked up to the door, and said he thought he was acting very foolishly towards

himself, and a d—d rogue towards the society—the prisoner held some sharp dispute with him, which I did not hear—I then heard the prisoner say that whoever entered that room would receive the contents of another pistol, which he then held in his left hand, and he had a cutlass in his right hand—Collins was standing at my side at the door—the prisoner made three attempts to cut Collins's arm with the cutlass, as it rested on the part of the door which remained uninjured—he cut at him twice, and missed him both times, as Collins drew his arm away, but he still continued to stand in the doorway, and to speak to the prisoner—the prisoner said a second time that whoever stepped over the threshold of that door should receive the contents of the pistol—he had then got the pistol in his right hand, and the cutlass in his left—he still kept for two or three moments in conversation with Collins and others, who were standing on the stairs, and then deliberately took up the horse pistol and fired it at Collins, which shot him in the belly—he called, "Oh, my Lord, I am shot!"and fell, but was caught by Bassett, who took, him away—he had not attempted to walk into the room—two policemen were on the premises some few minutes previously—the prisoner, after he had shot Collins, walked up and down the room, singing some words about blood and France—he was not extraordinarily irritated—he again said that whoever entered should receive the contents of a pistol—we were afraid to enter, and so were the police—one of the police would have entered had he not, been pulled back by one of our members—inspector Moran was sent for—when he came the prisoner was still standing in the room with a pistol and cutlass,—the inspector said he must surrender—he made the inspector promise that he would take charge of the things in the room belonging to him, and he was taken into custody two or three minutes afterwards—after he had fired at Collins I saw, by his shadow on the wall, that he was reloading the horse pistol, though I could not see him, the passage being very narrow—only one or two can pass at a time, and we were not all at the door.





MICHAEL COLLINS
. The prisoner had claimed possession of these premises in York-street, and there had been disputes—on this Friday evening I broke open the panel of the door, and saw the prisoner with a pistol in one hand and a cutlass in the other—I asked him to come out—I had my arm on part of the door, and he said, "Take your arm off there, or I will cut it off," and he made one cut at my arm and another at my foot—I told him he had no business to take possession, and told him if he was a man to come out, and there was a policeman outside that would take care of him, and see that no harm came to him—I did not see any pistol snapped which missed fire—the prisoner said, "Collins, by the God that made me, if you put your foot over the trussle of that door, your life will pay for it"—we still continued to tell him he had no right there, and in a minute or two he presented the horse pistol at me, and fired—I stood there as much as a quarter of an hour, disputing with him, but had not laid my hand on him—no one was touching him, he was quite free—I fell back, and was taken to the Hospital.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you say, "You are a d----d rogue to the Society?" A. No; I did call him a son of a bitch—he deals in tools and things of that sort—I do not know whether he sells pistols.





WILLIAM MORAN
 (police inspector). I was sent for, and found the prisoner standing inside the door with this pistol in bis right hand, and this cutlass in his left (producing them)—the pistol was on full cock, and he was threatening any person who came in at the door—I told him he was acting very foolishly, he had shot a man, who might be dead, and I came to apprehend him

on that charge—he said if that was what I came on, he would surrender—on the table I found this horse pistol—it was loaded, and I drew the charge—also this powder flask, and a quantity of shot and percussion caps—he said at the station he did not intend to hurt the man, the pistol went off accidentally, and hurt himself in the groin.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you been to his shop? A. Yes, since; he sells tools, and it is very likely he may sell such things as these.

COURT. Q. Were both pistols loaded? A. Yes; with powder and shot—I found no other pistols but these.





GEORGE BRITTON HALFORD
. I am house surgeon of Westminster Hospital. On 12th March, about 10 o'clock, Collins was brought there bleeding from the abdomen, and from the left arm, produced by a large number of shots which were scattered all over his person; one shot was in one of the veins of the left arm—I removed all I could; here are some which I found on the floor of the ward, and some came away from his bowels two or three days afterwards—some had entered deeply, some are in now—I found fifty or sixty shots in him, he was spotted all over like a pudding—it was a very serious wounding; he was in danger of his life for at least a fortnight—I have continued to attend him ever since—he remained a month or six weeks in the Hospital, he is an outpatient now—he has a good deal of irritation yet—I found some shots near the heart, that is, under the skin opposite to it; but there were muscles and ribs to get through before the heart could be reached.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you tell, from the position of the shot, whether the wound was in a downward direction? A. I should say it must hare been level, because they were all scattered regularly—the chest was the highest part I found wounded.
(William Carrington, syrup manufacturer, of St. Margaret's-place, Westminster; Jacob Lewis, foreman, of Carson-street, Westminster; George Blair, teacher of music; and George Cox, coffee-house keeper, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY on 2nd COUNT. Aged 40.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.
—



Transported for Ten Years.

