



929. 




JOHN MOSS



, stealing 6 books, 2 brushes, 1 diamond, 1 microscope, and other articles, value 100l.; the goods of 




George Henry Brettle, his master.
MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE HENRY BRITTLE
. I am a merchant, in the City, and live at 77, Westbourne-terrace, Hyde-park. I lived at the Albany before I was married, and the prisoner was my valet and confidential servant—he remained with me six months after I was married, and left on 20th Dec. last—on 28th Feb. I missed six old check-books and gave information to the police—I also missed two hair-brushes, three velvet caps, a pair of slippers, a pair of plated spurs, three pairs of new kid gloves, four shirt-studs, thirty-four keys, a seal, a gold puzzle, an unset diamond, a microscope and case, two pairs of breeches, a whip, four flannel shirts, and a plate with "Brettle" on it—I was with the officer who found the things in the prisoner's box, at his lodging—at the police-station, before I found them, he cried, begged for forgiveness, and said if I would not let him be locked up, he would return my check-book and all the property he had belonging to me—I have not given him any of these things—the microscope cost about forty guineas.

Cross-examined by
MR. MEW. Q. How often do you go to your ware-house? A. Sometimes twice a week; sometimes once in two months, according to arrangement—I take no active part in the business—I have been in it all my life—I have not been on terms of intimacy with the prisoner;

I placed confidence in him—he lived with me about four years at the Albany—I had a very good character with him from Sir Charles Kent, who is now dead—he had to look after the plate and my clothes and to wait at table; those were his only duties—I may have sent him on confidential errands—I have often given him letters to give to ladies—I have not, to my memory, sent him to make appointments with ladies—I do not know a lady named Theobald; I did about seven years ago; she is dead; the prisoner was not with me then—as a servant, he has occasionally admitted women there—I never reposed any confidence in him with reference to those matters—I never requested him not to communicate facts which came to his knowledge—I was very often in the habit of having card parties, but not on Sunday evenings that I know of—I recollect a Mrs. Smith coming to my chambers while the prisoner was there; Mr. Smith came while she was there—Mrs. Smith was not put in a cupboard, she was put in an outer room—the prisoner did not have to get her away while Mr. Smith was there—this is a system of intimidation which has been pursued towards me, to keep me out of Court—I cannot put it upon any person; but the fact of Mrs. Smith being subpoenaed is sufficient to show it—they thought that now I am married I should be ashamed to face the questions of the prisoner's counsel—I know Mrs. Lock, she is my housekeeper—she is not here to intimidate me—I have not been intimidating her; I have said nothing to her—she told me the prisoner's solicitor had been trying to make her say something which was not true, which I communicated to my solicitor—I have trusted the prisoner with 40l. or 50l.; he always accounted accurately till this time—he never gave me notice to leave; I gave him notice—I have no recollection of his being desirous to leave me when at the Albany—I never offered him a new suit of clothes and six months' wages if he would leave roe—I turned him out of the house about 20th Dec. last, for gross impertinence to my wife—these are my private check-books, I do not Wish you to look inside—I drew checks whenever I had bills to pay—I cannot say whether I ever missed drawing a check for a week; without looking over them; here are three drawn in one day, two on another, one on another, and two days afterwards, another—seven of my check-books were found in the prisoner's box, the latest date in them is 25th Oct., 1850—I never gave him any check-books to destroy; I always keep them under lock and key—I never gave him anything but some old clothes and a 5l. note on the day I was married—I have not charged any other person with robbing me—I discharged my coachman because I had reason to believe he robbed me—I never said a Mr. Leek robbed me—the prisoner did not ask me to look over his things when he left; I did not say "They are all right, John"—the check-books are of great value to me as receipts.





ROBERT DUNLOP
 (policeman, D 133). I took the prisoner at the Chequers, in Duke-street—he said he lived at Mr. Gibbs's, livery-stables, Titchfield-street—I told him the charge—be said, "I have some property at my lodging which was given to me by Mr. Brettle at the time I lived with him, if you will go with me I will show it"—he said, "I will give you any money if you will let me go"—he wanted me to go to Mr. Brettle's with him before I took him to the station, but I would not—he said, "For God's sake! do allow me to go; if I see Mr. Brettle, be will forgive me"—I went to his lodging, and found all this property.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you make any memorandum of the conversation? A. No.





JOHN GIBBS
. I live at 10 1/2, Titchfield-street. The prisoner lived there when he was taken—these things were taken out of his room.

MR. BRETTLE
re-examined. This microscope, pipe, breeches, and other articles, are all mine—I gave none of them to the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you give the prisoner a box of things belonging to Mrs. Theobald shortly before you were married? A. No; I have giren him nothing which belonged to her, she never left anything at my house—she never lived with me—she was often in my house—I had many things of hers, which I bought at a sale six or seven years ago—this riding-whip has her name on it (produced)—I did not give it to the prisoner—it is three years since I saw it, which convinces me that the prisoner has been keeping up a system of robbery for three years—I wrote three letters to the prisoner, accusing him, after he left; and he came to me two or three times, but I would not see him, or hold any communication with him.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before the Third Jury.

