



1728. 




JOHN ADOLPH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Bingham, and stealing 1 watch and 1 diamond, value 2l. 15s.; and 1 sixpence, 23 pence, and 14 halfpence, his property.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution, HENRY BINGHAM. I am an auctioneer, at 19, Ryder's-court, Leicester-square. On the morning of 19th Aug. I was awoke by a noise in the house, went down-stairs, and found the policeman Briant there—before I went to bed, the counting-house door was bolted and barred, and there was a padlock on the Auction-room door—when I came down, I found the counting-house door broken open, and the place in great confusion—my desk was broken open, and this crow-bar (produced) was inside of it—I missed a glazier's diamond, 2s. 4d. or 2s. 6d. in copper, a silver watch, steel chain, and seal—I have not seen the watch or chain since—the diamond produced is the one I lost—there is a fan-light over my door, which was left open—that is large enough to admit any one, and at day-light there were appearances about the wall as if some one bad scrambled up—the prisoner was taken by the policeman, lying on the bed of one of my lodgers, in the next room to my own—he had his clothes on, but pretended to be asleep—I saw the policeman take the diamond, a sixpence, tome copper, and a key, from him—I swear to the diamond; and I had a penny like one of these, which I took from one of my lodgers—my house is in the parish of St. Ann's, Westminster.

Cross-examined by
MR. BURNIB. Q. You saw Mm searched? A. Yes, and the watch was not found—he has not, to my knowledge, lodged in the house—I have been the landlord twenty-one years—I have several Rodgers in the house—I was awoke by the prisoner knocking at Mr. Fouche's door, which is next to my own, and calling, "Open la porte;" and I afterwards found the prisoner on Fouche's bed—I have been told be once lived in my house—the fan-light is six feet three inches from the ground—the prisoner appeared to be disguising something like drunkenness j and he stuttered, and said, "I do not know what I am about;" and when the policeman got him up, he could stand pretty well.





PHILIP FOUCHE
 (through an interpreter). I lodge in the prosecutor's house, and sleep on the second floor—I know the prisoner—on 19th Aug., between 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning, he came to my door—I asked who was there first, and then said, "What do you want?"—he was very near

breaking the door in, and calling to me to open it—I opened the door—he came in, and was taken in my room, by Briant.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the prisoner? A. Yes; he used to lodge in the next room to me—he appeared to be drunk.




GUILTY
.

The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.






CHARLES GRILLIERS
. I am the interpreter in this case. I produce a certificate, which I got from Mr. Clark's Office—(read—


Adolph Soyer, convicted Aug., 1844—confined six months)—the prisoner is the party mentioned.

Cross-examined by
MR. BURNIC. Q. What are you? A. An interpreter of this Court—I was present at the trial, and interpreted the evidence in the case—he was tried in the New Court, before Serjeant Mirehouse.





JAMES ASHMAN
 (policeman, F 1). I had the prisoner in custody on that occasion, and heard him tried.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you remember who the Counsel were in the case? A. No; it was before Serjeant Mirehouse in the New Court—he was in custody again in Dec, 1845, when F proved the former conviction, and he was sentenced to ten years' transportation.

GUILTT. Aged 35.—


Transported for Ten Years.


It was stated, that the prisoner, when undergoing his sentence of transportation, had rescued a sailor from drowning and on that account was pardoned.

