




1337. 




JAMES CORBYN
. and 




HENRY HAMMOND
, 

robbery, with others, on 



George Shepherd, and stealing 1 watch and chain, value 12l.; his property.


MR. M. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE SHEPHERD
. I reside in High-street, Kensington. On the night of 20th May, I was in Piccadilly, about 12 o'clock—a woman came to me, and I walked to near the bottom of Half-Moon-street with her—we stopped at a door, and at that moment some one came behind me, and said, "What are you doing with my wife?"—be took hold of me by the shoulders from behind—I turned, and it was the prisoner Hammond—the moment I turned my head, the woman took my watch, and was running away with it—Hammond had got me fast, and I could not release myself—we had a tremendous struggle, and I struck him a blow on the nose; he went down, and I with him—when we were both down, Corbyn came up—he tried to get me away from Hammond—he laid hold of my shoulders, and said, "Loose the man"—I collared Corbyn with my right-hand, and Hammond with my left, and called out "Police!"—the police arrived shortly—I had never loosed the prisoners; they might have used violence on me, but they had not half a chance; I was too strong for them—I said, "I give them in custody"—Hammond said something about giving me in custody for striking him—Corbyn tried to get away.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRT. Q. Are you married? A. Yes; I have no family—this was a late hour—I had been having a glass more than I usually take, and was a little the worse, still I knew all that I was doing—I was not half a minute in the doorway; it was a private doorway—the door was not opened—I had not knocked at the door—I did not have a little dispute with the woman—she asked me to go home with her, but I refused—I stopped, because I wished to turn and go back—I might stop nearly half a minute—there was no dispute between me and her—she did not attempt to rob me till the prisoner had hold of me behind—she did not lay hold of me—I did not lay hold of her; I might have held her arm; I did not hold her round the neck—she did not try to get away from me before she got the watch—Hammond did not keep me down, I kept him down—I believe he said he would give me in charge—I called the police—I should think the policeman came in three minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADDISON. Q. This was about 12 o'clock at night? A. Yes; I gave Hammond a violent blow, and he went down—there was a good deal of blood about him, and about the pavement—I cried "Police!" several times—I had a tremendous struggle with Hammond; I received no blow—Hammond had two black eyes—neither of the prisoners called police.

MR. HORRT. Q. Were not the words that Hammond used, "What are you doing with that woman? is she your wife?" A. No; he said, "What are you doing with my wife?" to the best of ray knowledge.





WILLIAM LEE
 (policeman, C 159). On the night of 20th May, I was in

Shepherd's-market. About 12 o'clock, I heard cry of "Police!" several times; I went to Half-moon-street, and saw Shepherd holding the prisoners, one in each hand—he gave them in charge—Hammond said, "I think I ought to give him in custody for the blow I have received on the nose"—his nose was bleeding profusely—I believe he used the word "think" more than once; Shepherd said, "I give them in custody for robbing me of my watch; where is the woman?"—I said, "I have not seen the woman"—he said, "The woman has got my watch"—each of the prisoners said, "I don't know anything about it;" Shepherd was excited, and had been drinking—he was quite firm in the statement he gave to me at the time, and also at the station-house—he was quite determined—I had great difficulty in making him release his hold of the prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADDISON. Q. Were there repeated cries of "Police?" A. Yes; that street is very quiet, compared with Piccadilly—you can look up it from one end to the other—persons turning in that street would naturally see persons, if there were any there—there are several doorways where persons might secrete themselves—this happened near a public-house door, and just there it is so dark that there might be two or three persons and you not see them—the cries of "Police!" were not from more than one person.

CORBYN.—


GUILTY
. † Aged 29.

HAMMOND.—


GUILTY
. † Aged 43.





Transported for Ten Years.

