



302. 




PATRICK REEDIE



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Weir, and stealing 245 yards of cloth, and other goods, value 105l.; his goods.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT RAINEY
. I am foreman to Thomas Weir; he lived at 128, London-road. On the night of 4th June, 1849, I did up the premises, and Mr. Weir and I went together up to bed—the shutters were all safe—the goods were all safe—in the morning at five o'clock I was aroused by the servant-maid—I ran down-stairs—we missed the clothes stated—the shutter was broken at the hinge, and the window was quite open so that a person might enter—there was one piece of cloth outside the window—I saw these cloths at the station next morning—the value of the whole was 110l. or 120l.—I am sure they were Mr. Weir's property.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What shutter was broken? A. At the back of the premises—the window looked out into the garden—there are some small houses at the back, and a school—Mr. Weir's servant was not in the habit of shutting the shop-window—the shop was in front—the back-parlour is thrown into the shop—Mr. Weir and myself were up last—I do not know whether the servant was in bed; she is not there now, she left about a fortnight afterwards.





HENRY FOX
. I am a painter. On 5th June, 1849, I was crossing West-square, Lambeth, between five and six o'clock in the morning—I saw four men drawing a cab—I knew them; the prisoner was one—I brought a policeman to the square—I then saw two of the men, but not the prisoner—I followed one of them, he was taken and tried.

Cross-examined. Q. Which way were you coming? A. From Brook-street, to Garden-row—I did not stop till I saw a policeman—the men said, "Now is the time, my boys," and then the cab went faster—the prisoner was drawing the right-hand shaft—the nearest to me.





THOMAS GARDENER
 (policeman, M 79). I was on duty on 5th June, 1849, about five o'clock in the morning—I saw five men standing at the corner of Pearl-row, which is about 100 yards from the London-road; the

prisoner was one—I knew the other men, and gave evidence against them—Mr. Weir's house was in the parish of St. George-the-Martyr, Southwark.





THOMAS NAPPER
 (policeman, A 479). On 5th June, 1849, I was on duty at half-past five o'clock in the morning, near the London-road—I saw four men drawing a cab, the prisoner was one—I knew who the cab belonged to, and gave information.

Cross-examined. Q. How far were you from them? A. About three yards. I was on the pavement, and they were in the road—they passed me—I did not say anything to them; three of them were drawing it, and one pushing behind.





JOHN EDGAR
 (policeman, L 78). On Tuesday morning, 5th June, 1849, I was in Bird-street, Lambeth, at half-past five o'clock in the morning—I saw a cab; two persons were drawing it, and two were pushing behind—the prisoner was one of them; he was on the off-side—soon afterwards I received information, and went through St. Mary's-square, to the Vauxhall-road—I there stopped the cab, there were three men with it then; the prisoner was not one of them—that was five or ten minutes after I first saw it—I opened the cab-door, and found a quantity of woollen, linen, and silk goods, which were identified the same morning by the prosecutor—I took the cab to the station, and deposited the goods—I then made inquiries, and found Mr. Weir.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is Bird-street? A. About 100 yards from West-square, between it and St. Mary-square—I was on duty, and in uniform—the cab passed me, the men ran away up Walnut Tree-walk, which is in a different direction to West-square.





WILLIAM FARRANT
 (policeman, L 167). On 5th June, 1849, about a quarter before six in the morning, I was in the London-road—I received information, and went to West-square—I saw three men running towards me, the prisoner was one—I followed one of them, he was taken that morning.





HENRY BARRY
 (policeman, A 455). I went to Manchester on 19th Nov., and found the prisoner in the Victoria Tavern—I told him I apprehended him for a burglary in London-road, about eighteen months ago—he said, "Get me to London as soon as you can."





WILLIAM RONAN
 (police-sergeant, L 38). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Newington—(read—Convicted, April, 1848, and confined twelve months)—he is the man.




GUILTY

of Receiving. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

