



969. 



SAMUEL BRICKNEL



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



George John Dodd, and stealing a scarf, 4 shawls, and other articles, his property.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE JOHN DODD
. I am a draper, and live at 2, Union-place, Horse-monger-lane, Borough. On Sunday night, 5th Sept., I retired to rest at half past 9 o'clock—my premises were then all secure—I was called up about 5 o'clock by a policeman named Conolly, and the inspector—I came down-stairs, and found the premises completely turned inside out—everything was in confusion—the street door was open—that was the way the policeman gained admittance—it was closed when I went to bed—there is a back door, but that was fastened—the parties must have got in at the back kitchen window—that was shut when I came down, but not fastened—there is no shutter to it—I went to the station house, and there saw a bundle of things, which I recognized—these are them (produced)—here is a silk scarf, 3 woollen shawls, a Paisley shawl, a silk vest, a pair of trowsers, a coat, and some metal spoons—these are all my property, and were safe on my premises when I went to bed on 5th Sept.—I found a candle left burning in the kitchen, where the things were taken from—I had not left it there—I value the things at 5l.





WILLIAM CONOLLY
 (policeman, M 228). I was on duty on the morning of 6th Sept. near Horsemonger-lane, about ten minutes to 5 o'clock, not above a minute's walk from the prosecutor's—I saw the prisoner on the opposite side of the way to me with a bundle—he stood opposite to me, turning towards me as I came out of a short turning—he said to me, "Policeman, which is the way to London-bridge railway station?"—I looked at him, and thinking he did not look like a railway traveller, and the bundle being clumsy, I said, "What have you got in the bundle?"—he said, "I have asked you a question, and you have a right to answer it"—I went towards him, and he threw the bundle at my head, and ran away—I picked up the bundle, and sprang my rattle—I then pursued him, but lost sight of him in the square—I took the bundle to the station, and there examined it before the inspector—I found a letter in the coat pocket with the prosecutor's direction upon it—I went there, and found the front door open—I awoke Mr. Dodd, who came down—I found the drawers in the kitchen pulled out, the place in confusion, and a candle burning—last Thursday, between 4 and 5, I was sent for to the station, and there saw the prisoner—I am sure he is the person that I saw with the bundle—these are the things that were in the bondle when I took possession of it.

Prisoner. You stated that I had a hat on when you saw me, if I am the party. Witness. Yes; the prosecutor lost a hat, and I found a cap in the I bundle which does not belong to the prosecutor—I did not state at the police court that you had a cap on.





GEORGE JOHN DODD

re-examined. I lost a hat, which has not been found.

Prisoner's Defence. I produced my cap at the police court, and the policeman stated it was the cap I had on.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





THOMAS RICHARDS
 (policeman). I produce a certificate—(read—Surrey, 1851. Samuel Bricknel, convicted of housebreaking, having been before conpicted




>Confined Nine Months.)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.


GUILTY.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Crompton.

