



286. 




WILLIAM FISHER



, stealing 10s.; the moneys of 



Sarah Rowen, from her person. (See also page 338.)


MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH ROWEN
. I am a widow, and live in Whitecross-street, St. Luke's—I am a hawker. On the night of 5th Jan., I was coming home—I was in East Smithfield—I sat on the step of a door for a few minutes, to tie my boot-lace—the prisoner interrupted me, and began to pull me about—I told him to go away, I did not interrupt him, and he should not interrupt me—he would not go away—I came off the step, and walked towards home—he walked by the side of me, but he walked much quicker than I did, and he got a distance before me; he then returned to me and tore my apron clean from me; and from my pocket he took my money—I had a five-shilling

piece, a half crown, and other small money I could not name—he ran for the first two or three minutes, and then walked very fast—the policeman stopped him before he was out of my sight.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you could not swear to me? A. I did not say any such thing; I never lost sight of you—the officer did not say he could not book the charge.





PATRICK WALSH
 (police-sergeant, H 28). On 5th Jan. I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" on Tower-hill, close to the Mint, near East Smithfield—I saw the prisoner walking, followed by the last witness—I stopped him, and she said in his presence, "Search that man, he has robbed me of a five shilling piece, a half crown piece, and some odd silver—she was drunk—I asked the prisoner what money he had got about him—he put his hand in his pocket, and pulled out some coppers—he said, "I have got about 8d.-worth of coppers"—I observed he had got something in his mouth; I asked him what it was—he said he had some tobacco—he threw a shilling out of his mouth on the pavement, which I picked up—I then observed he had got something else in his mouth, which he was endeavouring to swallow—I told him to take it out—he made a motion with his head and throat, as if he were endeavouring to swallow it—I took him by the throat, and squeezed him—I told him not to choke himself, but put it out—another constable came up, and did the same—I said, "Take it out of your mouth, and don't choke yourself"—he said, "If I do, you won't hurt me, will you?"—I said, "Take it out of your mouth"—and he took out with his hand a half crown piece, four shillings, some of which were counterfeit, and one sixpence—I searched him to see if he had any more—he had not any more—he said some of the money was bad—the four shillings were bad—the half crown was given to the prosecutrix by order of the Magistrate—the four shillings I gave to the Mint solicitor yesterday.

Prisoner. Q. Did not the woman say she could not swear to me? A. No; the inspector said, "I would not give much for your charge," she being drunk—another man came in drunk, to give evidence for the woman—he said he saw you do something to the woman, but he was drunk, and he was not sent as a witness.

COURT. Q. Was the woman so drunk as not to know what she was about? A. I believe she knew what she was about—she spoke intelligibly.





SARAH ROWEN

re-examined. I had had a glass of ale, and two or three drinks of beer given me by different persons, but I knew what was done to me, and knew what I was doing.

Prisoner. It was about half past one o'clock; I passed the woman; she kept saying," Give me my money;" I took no notice, but walked on till three policemen stopped me; they seized me, and took hold of my throat, one on each side; this is not the man at all; one of them said, "He has got something in his mouth;" and I, knowing that what I had was counterfeit coin, kept it in my mouth; they squeezed me, and I took it out; I told them every coin I had; I said, "Here is a half-crown, a sixpence, and four counterfeit shillings; the inspector would not book the charge, without she swore to me; then she swore to me; the man who came in was so drunk he could not stand.

Witness. I had my money in my pocket when I was on the step of the door, and he would come and pull me about.

The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted,





THOMAS SMITH
 (City-policeman, 270). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—"Central Criminal Court, William Collier, Convicted on his own confession, Aug., 1849, for stealing a handkerchief from the person, having been before convicted; Confined one year")

—I was present; the prisoner is the man—he was convicted, in 1848, for stealing a copper from a dwelling-house.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

