



956. 



GEORGE ROLES



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Brooks, at 
Lambeth, and stealing therein 1 pair of earrings, 2 breastpins, 2 watches, and other articles, value 3l. 5s.; and 48l. in money; and 1 order for the payment of 5l.; his property.—2nd COUNT, feloniously receiving the same.


MR. METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE BROOKS
. I keep the Raby Castle, Esher-street, Kennington-lane. On Tuesday evening, 19th July, my wife went out about 6 o'clock—about a quarter or half past 8 o'clock, four or five men came to the house, and went up stairs to the bagatelle room—they slipped up so quickly that I could not see whether there were four or five—that room is used as a club room—my bedroom is on the same landing—it is the next room—persons going to the club room would go within two feet of the bedroom door—the men all left at 20 minutes past nine o'clock—some time after that my servant gave me information—I went up stairs, and found the door had been prized

open—I went to the drawer where I kept ray things, and which had been locked, and missed my watch, which I had put there at half past 4 or 5 o'clock, and also a waiscoat—mine was a silver watch, with a gold guard attached.





ESTHER BROOKS
. I am the wife of the last witness. On 19th July, I went out shortly before 6 o'clock in the evening, leaving ten sovereigns, four half sovereigns, four 5l. notes, a 10l. note, and a 5l. check, in a little casket in a drawer, which was locked, in the bedroom—there was also in the casket a pair of earrings, a silver pencil case, a ring, and many other small things—there was in another open drawer, my gold watch and chain, a pin, and two brooches.





ELIZABETH WELDON
. I am servant at this house. I remember my mistress going out—directly she was gone, I shot and locked the bedroom door, and put the key in the bar—the drawers were quite safe then.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. This was 8 o'clock, was-not it? A. Shortly before six.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
 (policeman, B 95). On 20th'July, about 3 o'clock, in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner in the Broadway, Westminster; there were three or four others near him—he had a watch in his hand, holding up to them—I was fifty or sixty yards from him—after that he pulled out something else, and showed that; but I could not see what it was—I followed him into Cock-yard, Westminster, called Taylor, another policeman, and then asked the prisoner to let me look at that gold watch that he showed to those parties; he said he had got none—I felt his pockets outside, and felt a watch in each pocket—I said I must see the watch, or take him to the station—he said, "Come and have some lush?" I took him into Victoria-road, and be threw the watches into the road, and pushed me very violently—I saw the silver watch picked up by a person who gave it to me directly—this is it (produced)—I took him to the station, and found on him twenty sovereigns, a half sovereign, 16s. 9d. in silver, and 5 1/2 d. in copper; a gold watch key, two pins, and a pair of cornelian coat studs; also this gold, off a very large brooch; the stone has been taken out—I also found a third watch which has not been owned—the prisoner was quite sober.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Were you examined at the police court? A. Yes; if the prisoner had not been sober I should not have taken him to the Westminster police court at the same time; we never take people that have been drinking to a police court; he was taken there at 4 o'clock on the same day—it was 9 o'clock in the day when I first saw him; he was in the middle of the road; I had been on duty up and down there all day, it is part of my beat—I had not seen the prisoner before that morning—there were two persons that I know there.





ALFRED TAYLOR
 (policeman, A 246). On 20th July I received an intimation from Millerman, and saw the prisoner going up Tothill-street to Cock-yard—we followed him, and Millerman asked him what he had done with the watch—he said he had not any watch, and knew nothing about it—his hands were in his pockets; and when he pulled them out, I saw a gold watch in his right hand—he threw it away as I was trying to get it from his hand—I saw it picked up—I also saw him throw a silver watch out of his left hand—he was very violent going to the station—I saw him searched, and saw the money and jewellery taken from him—I was in uniform, but Millerman was not.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prisoner near a pump when you saw him?


A. Yes—I was in uniform, and was forty or fifty yards off when he was showing the watch to the other people.





"WILLIAM ASHLEY
 (policeman, A 281). On 20th July I saw the prisoner throw away a gold watch—I picked it up—this is it.





ESTHER BROOKS

re-examined. This gold watch is mine—my initials are on it—at the time I lost it there was a gold chain attached to it, which has not been found—this gold is the remains of a large brooch set with pearls—it was complete when it was lost—this pin is mine—these coat studs were in the casket—the silver watch is my husband's—here are his initials on it.

Witnesses for the Defence.






MARTHA ROBERTS
. I am the wife of Thomas Roberts, a plate glass silverer. I am the prisoner's sister, and live with him—he keeps the Carpenter's Arms, Old Pye-street, Westminster—on Tuesday, 19th July, I was at home all day, with my brother—I did not leave home at all, and he was not out all that day—I know Michael Durrant—he was at the house all the evening till it was closed—there was a row in the house that evening with a woman who called for some beer, and would not pay for it; it commenced at 8 o'clock, and lasted about half an hour—I was down stairs next morning about 8 minutes before 7 o'clock—the house is frequented by working people as they go to their work—my brother was down before me, at half-past 6 o'clock—when I came down, I went into the kitchen to light the fire, and then went to clean the bar parlour out—two men and a female then came in, and stood drinking ale for nearly an hour—about a quarter of an hour before they left, the taller man pulled a small brown paper parcel out of his coat pocket, and asked my brother to take care of it till he called for it, and asked him to be careful with it; my brother said he would, and he put it on a shelf underneath the bar—it remained there about half an hour—my brother went out that morning about a quarter before 11 o'clock—before he went out he opened the parcel; it contained two watches and some small jewellery—on account of the row on the previous night, and the woman being locked in the station house, he said, "For safety, I will take these things with me; if the woman comes back, Mrs. Bolland, no doubt she will come and make a row"—he went out to pay Messrs. Elliott, the brewers, and took twenty-six sovereigns with him for that purpose—I know that, because he brought them down, put them on the bar table, and counted them—I knew before that that he was in the habit of keeping money in his bedroom, in a bag, which I had seen before, and I know he had money by him at the time—he had to pay Elliott 17l., and 6l. to Mr. Hawkes, of Walham-green, another brewer—he returned again about half past 12 or a quarter to 1 o'clock, and told me he had not been to the brewers—I saw that he had been drinking, and asked him to step in; he stayed a quarter of an hour, and then went out—I expected him back in a few minutes, but he did not come, and I saw no more of him till he was at the station—I know the persons by sight who left the parcel, but not by name; they bad been in the house before, and I should know them again.

Q. You say your brother opened the parcel: how came he to do that? A. I said, if he was going out he had better see what was in the parcel, as I was going to be at home by myself, and it was then that he opened it—on that day, while my brother was out, Mrs. Bolland's sister came, and two more women; they thrust the bar parlour door open, and broke everything I had on the dinner table—I was by myself, and was very much alarmed—I gave them into custody; they were taken before a Magistrate, one had a month and the other ten days.


Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Two men and a woman came first; what time was that? A. About a quarter past 7 o'clock in the morning—they came all together—they only remained an hour; my brother's house is in Old Pye-street, close by the Broadway; it is on the Abbey side of Victoria-street, and Tothill-street is on the other side—I had seen the men and the woman once or twice before at the house; it might be three weeks or a month before—they had not been there the previous night, nor in the week before—I do not know their names; a great many come in a dozen times and I do not know their names—it was a small square parcel about half the size of this book—the man gave no reason for leaving it; he merely asked my brother to take care of it—he did not say when he was coming back for it—the other man and the woman appeared to have nothing to do with it—my brother did not know their names, but he took the parcel immediately—the man told him to take care of it, and be very careful with it—the best way to take care of it was to open it to see if there was anything valuable in it, me being at home by myself—my brother was out on the Monday, I was not at home then, my husband was with me—the 26l. had been in the house some days—my brother returned at half past 12 or a quarter before 1 o'clock—I did not ask him for the money, as he was tipsy, and bad not been to the brewers—I asked him if he had been to Mr. Elliott, and he said he had not, he met with a few friends, and had something to drink—Mr. Elliott lives about a quarter of an hour's walk from us; he is not here; he was not certain what day the trial would come on, and Mr. Hawkes' collector would be here, but he is very ill—f have employed an attorney in the matter—when the people came in, Mrs. Wiblett was standing at the bar—I knew my brother was going to Elliott, but I did not know at what time—the parcel was first put on a shelf; my brother was busy cleaning the top, and he put it on one side—if he had not been going out I suppose he would not have opened it at all.

MR. PARRT. Q. I suppose the great majority of your customers you do not know the names of? A. No—I have been assisting my brother since Nov. last—we have dealt with Mr. Hawkes since Nov. last, and with Messrs. Elliott from the beginning—that is within my knowledge.

COURT. Q. What time did you have breakfast that morning? A. About 8 o'clock, in the bar parlour—we always take breakfast at 8 o'clock—I could see everything that went on in the bar quite clearly.





MICHAEL DURRANT
. I am a master butcher, of No. 7, Horseferry-road. On Tuesday, 19th July, I was at Mr. Roles' beer shop—I got there between 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening, and remained there till nearly 1 o'clock——there are very few evenings that I am not there—I make a practice of going every evening except Saturdays and Sundays—Mr. Roles was at home all the time.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you come from the Horseferry-road this morning? is your shop shut up? A. Yes, it has been closed since last Tuesday week, but I serve my customers, and carry on my business—I call on them for orders, and take them the meat—I closed the shop because trad eis so bad, and I have no chance trade.

MR. PARRY. Q. Have you certain regular customers? A. Yes, who I call on every morning—I have been in the shop two years, and was next door a year and a half, always as a butcher—I shut it up to let it for another business—while I kept it open as a butcher's, no one would come after it—I sleep there.

COURT. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate? A. No; I

heard next day that the prisoner was taken; I took a joint down to Mr. Roles' next morning, between 10 and 11 o'clock.





CHARITY WIBLETT
. I am the wife of a warder, in the Penitentiary, at Millbank; my husband has been a warder there four years. On Wednesday morning, 20th July, I went out to take some money to Mrs. Rix, a fishwoman, who lives in Duck-lane; I owed her 4s. 1d.—I left home at a little after 7 o'clock, but did not find her at home—I knew she was in the habit of going to the prisoner's house, and went there to inquire for her—the prisoner was behind the bar, and his sister was in the bar parlour, cleaning—I waited five or six minutes to see Mrs. Rix—there were two men and a woman there when I went in—I saw the tallest of the men give Mr. Roles a parcel over the bar, and ask him if be would take care of it; he nodded his head, stooped, and put it down, but I could not see where he put it—I did not see Mrs. Rix—I left the place—I was not there ten minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. What was said, when the man pulled out the parcel? A. He asked Mr. Roles if he would take care of it till it was called for, without saying when it would be called for—the other man who was with him said, "Be careful with it"—I was not before the Magistrate—I heard of this a week ago last Saturday.





MARTHA ROBERTS

re-examined. I was before the Magistrate every day, but not asked any questions





HENRY JOHN CRAWFORD
. I am managing clerk to Mr. Wontner, the attorney for the defence. I received instructions when I first saw the prisoner, in reference to his defence—I heard that the Magistrate intended to commit the prisoner, and I told him I had a defence to offer—he said, "I have made up my mind to commit the prisoner for trial"—to which I said, "I will reserve his defence"—this same defence was given me by the prisoner at the House of Detention, the first time I saw him—Mr. Wonter himself attended on the first examination, and I concluded that he himself had made this statement.




GUILTY

on 2nd
COUNT.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





EDWARD HEWLETT
 (policeman, 253). I produce a certificate—(Read—Surrey Sessions, George Roles, convicted Oct. 1851, of stealing 2s. 6d. of his master, 
Confined Twelve Months)—I was present, the prisoner is the person.
GUILTY. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 19TH, 1853.
