






668. 




JAMES ROGERS,



 JOHN CHARLES KEELING,



 THOMAS COXHILL
, and 




JOSEPH HART



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 




William David Butler and another, and stealing therein 1 pair of sugar tongs, 2 spoons, 35 shawls, 36 postage stamps, and other goods, value 114l.; their properly.


MESSRS. ROBINSON
and W.J. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM DAVID BUTLER
. I live at No. 3, Walcot-terrace, Old Kent-road, Camberwell—I am a draper and in partnership with my brother John George Butler—on the night of Thursday, 15th May, I sad my brother went to bed at 11 o'clock—before I went to bed, I went over the house—the doors were all bolted and the house was quite safe—on the following morning I was roused about a quarter before 6 o'clock—I went into the front passage and saw two packages of goods which had been in the shop the night before, and had been taken out of the shop—the door that leads into the shop from the passage had been broken open—the street door was open, and the policemen standing there—the back door was broken open, the bolts were forced off, and the bar that went across the door—the door

was very much knocked about—it opens into the garden which goes down to the mews—a wall separates the garden from the mews—from the mews you can get over the wall to ray garden—I missed a great many goods from the shop—mantles, shawls, Irish linens, Cobourg cloths, and Circassian cloth, a pair of sugar tongs, and two silver spoons, from the cupboard in the dining room, and thirty-six postage stamps from the desk in the shop—I had seen them safe the day before—they had come to me in a letter from a lady, and she had wetted one of the stamps that it might not fall out—the stamps were all together—I wetted the back of the paper, to prevent tearing the stamp, in consequence of that a part of the postage stamp stuck to the paper—some stamps were afterwards shown to me by the police—I have here the piece of the letter to which the stamp stuck—this is the stamp that stuck to it—it fits the place—the value of the goods we lost was about 120l.

Cross-examined by
MR. LILLEY. Q. Who were up last? A. My brother and I—we both went to bed together about 11 o'clock—we had gone round the house to see that all was secure, I am certain the place was secure.

Cross-examined by
MR. LAWRENCE. Q. You lost thirty-six stamps? A. Yes; I received them the day before—we had not used any, we took them out of the letter, and put them into the desk—I saw them the afternoon previous—the desk was not locked—this letter was on the desk, not in it, and in the morning I found the letter on it—there were a good many things in the desk; some writing paper and one or two pens—I am not aware that I lost anything from the desk but the postage stamps—there was nothing of any value in the desk—it was in the back part of the shop.





JANE ELIZA SHARPE
. I was servant to the prosecutors. On the night of 15th May I went to bed a little past 11 o'clock—I came down next morning a few minutes before 6 o'clock, when the policeman rang the bell—I found the shop door open—I called my master.

Cross-examined by
MR. LILLEY. Q. How do you know that it was a few minutes before 6 o'clock? A. The factory bell rang a few minutes after—that rings at 6 o'clock—I went to call master, and then I went into the kitchen.





MART SORRELL
. I am the wife of John Sorrell. I live in Alexander-street, Old Kent-road—on Friday morning, 16th May, I was going to my work, about 5 o'clock—I know a public house called the Turk's Head—that and the Kentish Drovers face one another on the Greenwich side of the canal bridge—I know Mr. Butler's house—there are two more shops and the gas factory besides Mr. Butler's before you get to the canal bridge—the Turk's Head is on the same side as Mr. Butler's, only lower down—I was coming towards London—when I came out of Alexander-street, I saw two men walking towards the Turk's Head, on the left hand side of the Old Kent-road—I stopped for a moment to look at them—I thought they were gentlemen waiting for the Canterbury mail—they crossed over to the right hand side; to my side—they had been going towards Greenwich, and they turned back and went on my side in front of me—I followed them up—they went on to the front of Mr. Butler's house; they stopped, and I stopped—I do not know who those two men were that were walking—I do not see them here to-day, not to know them—I cannot say that any of the men at the bar were the two men that were walking—when they got to the front of Mr. Butler's I saw a cab come from Greenwich way; it was empty, and it passed on; then another cab came up very fast; there

were two men in it beside the driver—I recognise the prisoner Rogers—he was in the cab with his arm on the right side of it, and his head partly out of the window—the cab came on the same side' that I was on, Mr. Butler's side—the two men that were walking, hailed it, and it came up to the kerb, and it stopped—Rogers got out, and another man with a brown coat on and hanging sleeves—I do not recognise that other man, because I did not see his face—the other two that were walking, went into the passage of Mr. Butler's house, and fetched out the first bundle; it was a very large bundle, tied in a blue knotted counterpane—they put that into the cab—then Rogers and the other man went into the passage and brought out another bundle, tied in a green table cover, with a flower in the middle—as they were bringing it along, a bundle of long-cloth fell out of it, and they kicked that with their feet to the cab—they then picked it up, and the door was shut, and the cab drove away—I did not notice what was done with the street door—the men then linked themselves in one another's arms, and all walked away over the bridge—none of them went in the cab—they were coming towards London—I spoke to a policeman, and went back with him to Mr. Butler's—the men had been quite close to me—I could look in the passage, and see several more bundles—I met the policeman on the bridge—I did not mend my pace—I afterwards went to the station—I saw the prisoner Rogers there, and Keeling.

COURT. Q. Was Keeling dressed like the other man that you had seen in the cab? A. He was; and he was about the same height; but I did not see his face—I could not swear to him.

Gross-examined by
MR. LILLEY. Q. What is your occupation? A. I work in a laundry—I begin work at, 6 o'clock, but I have a great deal to do before that, in getting ready—I have worked at No. 13, Edward's-place, for twelve years—at 5 o'clock in the morning, at this time of the year, it is broad daylight—I was standing near Mr. Butler's door—when the second cab came up Rogers' right arm was outside, and his head was out of the window—I do not know whether he saw me—I looked at him—I should think I was near enough to the four men for them to see me—I was close to them—I did not see any one else on the footpath—I did not see any one but myself going to work—I met the policeman coming over the bridge in foil force; he was nearly running—I went to the station in the forenoon of the same day—if you stand at the Shard Arms you can see the Turk's Head—I do not know whether you can see the Kentish Drovers, it stands a little back.

Cross-examined by
MR. LAWRENCE. Q. You say the other man in the cab had a brown coat on, and hanging sleeves; have you ever said that before? A. I have.

Cross-examined by
MR. MACENTEER. Q. You say there were two men before, and they hailed the cab? A. Yes; and then the man drove over to them, and stopped his cab.






JEREMY BOARD
. I am a butcher; and live in St. James-place, Old Kent-road. I was in the Kent-road, on the morning of 16th May—I was driving to Newgate-market—some little distance before I got to Mr. Butler's I saw two men standing, perhaps four or five yards from his private door, on the same side of the way—they were standing near the door when I passed—I saw a cab come up, when I was some little distance from the door—I was before the cob, and I turned round to look at it—the cab came up, and there were some goods brought out of the house by four men—I was driving on at a walking pace after I passed the door—I had been trotting

but I pulled up before I came to the men, and drove by them at a foot pace—I recognise the prisoner Keeling as one of the men—I saw him Ald and assist, by bringing the things out, with three other men—I do not recognise any of the others.

COURT. Q. Was Keeling one of the two that you saw near the door before the cab drew up? A. Yes; I went on, and on the other side of the bridge I met the policeman, nearly 300 yards off—he went towards Mr. Butlers, and I went on to my business—the cab had not passed me.

Cross-examined by
MR. LAWRENCE. Q. Were you before the Magistrate with the other witnesses? A. I was; on the Tuesday, not on the first day—I was cross-examined—these men were all strangers to me—I had never scan them before to the best of my belief—I was driving at a full pace, but when I saw the two men I suspected something, and pulled up, and went at a walking pace—I passed the men, and looked at them, and they at me—they were standing some little distance from Mr. Butler's door—I saw four men afterwards, and the cowman made five—I do not pretend to speak to any one here to-day but Keeling—this was nearly half past 5 o'clock in the morning—I gave the same statement before the Magistrate that I have here to-day.

COURT. Q. Keeling was one of the two that you saw standing four or five yards from the door? A. Yes; and I believe the other was Rogers—those two were standing there before the cab came up—I saw the cab come up—I saw Keeling, and I believe Rogers was the other man that was standing at the door before the cab came up, but I cannot speak positively—I only saw one cab—I did not see any one get out of that cab—the cab drew up on the side opposite Mr. Butler's—the man who was with Keeling had an overcoat on—I did not take notice of the colour of it.





JOHN WILLIAM SAWARD
 (policeman, M 120). I was on duty in the Old Kent-road on Friday morning, 16th May—the last witness net me about 20 minutes after 5 o'clock; and, in consequence of what he said, I went towards Mr. Butler's—I went to the turning of the New-road—I did not go over the bridge—T turned and went into Marlborough-road, and into Gloucester-road—going down the Rotherhithe-road leads to Gloucester-road—in Gloucester-road I saw a cab going towards London at a walking pace—I saw four men on the foot path, walking by the side of it—I ran after them to overtake them—they turned round and saw me, and they all ran away—I saw the cab driver whip his horse, and he went the same way the men did, towards London—I followed them, but they were too fast for me, and got out of my sight—I came into the Kent-road, and two men, the prisoners Rogers and Keeling, were pointed out to me by a milkman, George Charles Fever—they were walking arm-in-arm on the foot path towards London—I stopped them, and one of them asked me what was the matter—I could not answer them, as I was very much out of breath—when I got my breath, I asked them what they had done with the cab—they said they had not had one—I called two brother constables across the road, and we all went to the station—I left the prisoners there, and I went to Mr. Butler's—I there saw Mrs. Sorrell—I took her back to the station with me, and in my presence she pointed out Rogers, and said that was the man that she saw in the cab—I searched Rogers, and found on him 12s. 6d. in silver, three keys on a ring, a pair of gloves, and a pocket handkerchief—I found on Keeling 5s. in silver, and 3s. worth of postage stamps; these are them—I went back to Mr. Butler's, and examined the back door—it was broken right off the hinges and the bolts and the bar—I went into the back

garuen and found footsteps in the back garden, and in the next garden leading to the back door of Mr. Butler's—I took the boots off the feet of Rogers and Keeling, and made a comparison with those boots to the footmarks—the marks corresponded with both their boots—these are them.

Cross-examined oy
MR. LILLEY. Q. There are no nails in either of those boots, nor any tips on the heels? A. No—the New-road comes into the Kent-road—one turning comes near the Green Man turnpike—it is nearly three quarters of a mile from the canal bridge—I saw four men in the Gloucester-road, and when some persons were pointed out to me they were in the Kent-road, about half a mile from the place in the Gloucester-road where some men ran off.

Cross-examined by
MR. LAWRENCE. Q. The question you put to them was, "What have you done with the cab?"A. Yes, and they said they had no can—Keeling was searched, and these stamps were found in one of his trowsers pockets—I made the comparison of the boots the same morning about 8 o'clock—it was a finish morning, but there had been rain the night before—Sergeant Coppin was with me.

Cross-examined by
MR. CARTER. Q. How near were you to the men in Gloucester-road? A. About a quarter of a mile off—I could not see the men nor the cab; but when I ran after them the men turned round and saw me—I saw no one else about—I hallooed out as I went along, "Stop can!"

COURT. Q. What is your notion of a quarter of a mile—what is the length of the Old Bailey, from Ludgate-hill to Newgate-street? A. I do not know—it was quite as far as that, or rather further, where I saw the men—I had not began to call or raise an alarm before the men moved faster—I was able to see that the horse was walking—I should say that while I was running I could swear whether the horse was trotting or walking—I called, "Stop cab!" I for the cabman to stop himself—I cannot tell whether those men did not call to the cabman—I could not see the cab man, nor the number of the cab—I had not seen any cab in the Kent-road—there are houses between the Kent-road and the Gloucester-road.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. You say the four men were walking and the cab was going the same pace as the men? A. Yes—the caiman must have known of these men running away; they were at the side of the cab.


COURT. Q. Do you Know that neighbourhood well? A. Yes—the Rotherhithe-road goes across the Old Kent-road down to Rotherhithe—by turning to the left you get back to the Kent-road—I was a quarter of a mile from these men when I saw them turn round and run away—I had been running from the time I started—from the time I saw them to the Kent-road was half a mile, for me, they had to run about a quarter of a mile—I went by the Greyhound-road—the cab went by the Gloucester-road, and turned into the Greyhound-road, much the same way as the men ran.

JURY. Q. When you saw the two men, and took them, was the cab in sight? A. No; it was out of sight.

COURT. Q. How did you make the comparison with the boots? A. I put them by the side, and then into the foot marks—I placed them by the side of some of them, and then put them in—I made an impression by the side with some of them before I put them in the marks.





GEORGE CHARLES FEVER
. I am a cow keeper, and live at No, 8, Upper Grange-road. On the morning of 16th May I saw four men and a cab between

5 and 6 o'clock in Gloucester-road going towards the Greyhound-bridge—the cab was going as fast as the horse could gallop—the four men were behind the cab walking rather sharp—they passed on the opposite side to me—I noticed them, and asked them if the cab had run away from them, but they made no answer—Rogers and Keeling are two of the four men that I saw walking—they went on past me towards the Kent-road—the policeman soon after came up, and asked me if I had seen four men and a cab—I said, "Yes"—I turned round with the policeman, and went into the Old Kent-road—when I got there I saw Rogers and Keeling in the Old Kent-road—I pointed them out to the policeman, and he took them.

Cross-examined by
MR. LILLEY. Q. Which way were you coming? A. Over the Greyhound-bridge—I was not in the Gloucester-road—the men I saw, were walking rather sharp—they went up the Greyhound-road, which leads into the Kent-road—I did not lose sight of them—I was on the Greyhound-bridge, and they came up the Gloucester-road—when they got to the corner they turned to the right, towards London—I was at the corner—they passed me as I was going along—I was at the comer of the Greyhound-bridge, just come off the bridge—I stopped at the corner—the men had passed me soon after they came out of Gloucester-road on the opposite side of the way—I had never seen any of those men before.

COURT. Q. You remained on the bridge? A. I stopped on the bridge, and saw the cab come up—when I got to the corner of the Green Man I stopped at the corner—I turned and followed them up to the Green Man—it was my business to go there—I never lost sight of them—I was 100 yards from them when they turned at the corner.





JOHN POULTENY
. I am toll collector at the toll gate in Rotherhithe New-road. That road leads into the Kent-road—I recollect a cab coming through that gate on Friday morning, the 16th May—it was from twenty minutes to a quarter before 6 o'clock—I should think it was going from ten to twelve miles an hour—it was coming from the Kent-road down towards the Greyhound-road and Gloucester-road—I did not see any one in it—the toll at the gate was 4d.—the driver chucked down a shilling, and never stopped for the change.

Cross-examined by
MR. MACENTEER. Q. Were the windows open? A. I cannot tell—I did not see any one in the cab—it is the case that persons sometimes go through, and throw down more than the toll, and call again for it—when they are in great haste they may throw down money, and, is they return, ask for their change.

COURT. Q. How often does that happen? A. Two or three times at my present gate—I thought they were behind time, and were going to take up—my gate does not clear the Green Man gate; it is another trust.





WILLIAM SAMPSON
 (policeman, P 87). On Friday morning, 16th May, I was on duty, passing down the Kent-road, about 10 minutes past 4 o'clock—I saw a cab about 150 yards from Mr. Butler's shop, on the opposite side—it was standing by the side of the road, and the cowman was rubbing the horse's legs—I spoke to him, and asked him if he was not early for a fare that morning—he said he had just set down one—I asked him where—if he made any answer I did not hear it—he stepped on his driving box, and drove towards town—the driver was the prisoner Coxhill—as he was going away, I took the number of his cab; it was No. 1134—when I spoke to him previous to the robbery, he had a pair of dark bushy whiskers on—when I saw him in the cell, on the Tuesday following, he was minus the whiskers, and his hair had been cut, I believe—the whiskers were altogether off—I

should say the conversation lasted two minutes—daring that time I had an opportunity of noticing his features—when I saw him in the cell he was with two others—no one pointed him out to me—the door was open, and the gaoler said, "Now, my lads, stand up"—I said, "That will do"—one of them was Coxhill—notwithstanding his whiskers were taken off, I saw enough of him to know he was the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. MACENTEER. Q. What hour was it you saw him? A. About 10 minutes past 4 o'clock—he said he had just set down a fare—he had more whiskers than I have—they came a little under his chin—I believe he had no mustachios.

COURT. Q. He looked very different when you saw him in the cell? A. Yes—I did not abstain from saying anything because I had any doubt—I had no doubt in the least—I am quite satisfied he is the man—I thought it was not prudent to say anything before the gaoler or him—I did not say it till I got before the Magistrate—when the cab drove off, I watched it till it got over the canal bridge; then it was out of my sight.





JAMES THOMPSON
. I live at No. 15, James-street, Kent-road. On Friday morning, 16th May, about 25 minutes before 6 o'clock, I saw a cab between the Half-way House and the canal bridge—it was about 100 yards below Mr. Butler's, and was nearer to Greenwich—it was on the opposite side to Mr. Butler's—it was going on walking—it went across the road, and drew up opposite Mr. Butler's door—I saw one person standing close to Mr. Butler's—he opened the door of the cab, and immediately three men came from Mr. Butler's door, with bundles, and pushed them into the cab—one parcel fell from one of the bundles, and one of the men picked it up, and threw it in at the window of the door—the door was shut at the time, and the cowman drove off over the canal bridge—the men went the same way as the cab did, three on one side of the road, and one on the opposite side.

COURT. Q. How far were you off? A. 150 yards at first, but I had got within 100 yards when the cab started—I took the number of the cab; it was 1134—I could not see who the men were—I did not meet any cab—it was in front of me—I was walking on the same side as Mr. Butler's.





STEPHEN BOOTH
 (policeman, P 348). On the morning of 16th May, I was on duty in the Old Kent-road—about 25 minutes before 6 o'clock, I saw a cab, No. 1134—I was past the Green Man-gate—it was coming from the Greyhound-bridge to the Old Kent-road—it came through the gate, and did not stop to pay the gate—I did not see any one in cab—the toll man ran after the cab, and the cab man turned and said something to him, but I could not hear what it was—when he got through the gate he drove off faster, and the toll gate keeper came back to the toll gate—I saw four men running in the same direction as the cab came from—I saw them coming from the Gloucester-road—they were all four running, two of them were Rogers and Keeling—they ran till they got about twenty yards along the Kent-road, and then Rogers and Keeling took hold of each others arms and walked quietly up the road on the pavement, coming towards London—the other two that had been in company with them turned across the Kent-road, and went down King-street—I do not recognise those two.

Cross-examined by
MR. LILLEY. Q. Where were you standing? A. Bight opposite the Green Man-gate—I suppose I remained standing there for two minutes, till those four men got into the Kent-road—I saw Saward, but I was a little distance from the Green Man when I saw him—I was on the same side—the opposite side to the Gloucester road—I saw the two men

taken into custody, not a quarter of a mile from the Green Man; I should think 300 or 400 yards—I had never seen either of them before.

Cross-examined by
MR. LAWRENCE. Q. How far were you off when you saw these men running? A. I should think sixty or seventy yards from where I was standing—I should think it was not so much as 100 yards, I could not say exactly—I never took my eyes off Rogers and Keeling from the time I first saw them coming towards me till they were taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. MACENTEER. Q. How far were you from the gate? A. Nearly close to it—I did not see any one in the cab—the toll man never made any complaint to me—he seemed satisfied with the answer the man gave him.

COURT. Q. How near did the cab pass to you? A. It might be ten or twelve yards, on the opposite side of the road—I saw the other two men as well as I saw those two—I cannot recognise any but Rogers and Keeling—I did not see the other two well enough to be able to say that Hart was not one of the other two—he might have been one of them, but I cannot say that he was.





CUTHBERT RODHAM
. I live in Emery-place, Upper King-street, Old Kent-road. On Friday morning, 16th May, I was coming along Upper King-street, about half past 5 o'clock—I saw two men running towards me, to meet me; they came from the Old Kent-road, in a direction from the Green Man-gate—Hart was one of the men—as soon as I got near the end, the constable, Saward, was running from the direction of the Green Man-gate—I ran with him after Rogers and Keeling, and he took them—I after-wards saw the men at the cell in the police station, about 27th May—there were eight or nine other persons in the cell; the door was open—they asked me if I knew anyone that was there—I said, "Yes," there was one that I had seen taken into custody—that was Keeling—before I came out of the door, I noticed that Bogers was there—I saw Hart—I did not point out Hart in the cell, he was brought out—it was rather dark—I noticed that the men I saw had brown coats on, like shooting jackets, and the flaps of the pockets were a little larger than we generally have them—I do not recollect that I saw Hart in the cell—there were so many.

COURT. Q. When you went into the cell, who did you go to look for? A. To see if I could identify any of them—I went to identify Hart, I did not see him in the cell.

MR. W. J. PAYNE. Q. Where did you see Hart? A. They brought eight or nine men into a waiting room, Rogers and Keeling were amongst them—when they got into the, light the constable asked me if I could pick out the third that I had seen before, and I pointed out Hart—I said, "That is the one that I met in King-street"—he was dressed in the coat that I saw him in in King-street that morning—I have no doubt at all about his being the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you not say that Hart was one, you believed; have you ever before expressed any opinion, beyond a belief? A. I have said that he was the man—I will swear positively that he is the man—I have before sworn he was the man—I have not said over and over again that I would not swear positively that he is the man—I took particular notice of the large flaps of his pockets—I went with the constables after the other two men—I had never seen Hart before, and I did not point him out in the cell.





JOHN CHUTER
 (policeman, A 501). On Friday morning, 16th May, I

was coming up the Old Kent-road, about a quarter before 5 o'clock—I saw Rogers, Keeling, and Hart, and another man with them, who is not in custody—they were going in the direction of Greenwich—I met them about 100 yards from Mr. Butler's house, on the other side of the way, and on the Greenwich side of the bridge—they appeared very warm as though they had been walking fast—Rogers took his hat off, and wiped his face with his handkerchief when he passed me—I looked at all of them—there was a similarity of dress between Keeling and Hart—I stood and looked at them, and compared them together—I thought they were brothers—before I saw the prisoners, I saw a cab standing at the corner of the Crown and Anchor public house, the No. of it was 1134—there was no driver with it then—on Tuesday morning, the 20th I saw Rogers and Keeling at the Lambeth Police Court, as prisoners in the dock, and on Monday 26th, I saw Hart at Lock's Fields Police Station—he was standing in the station in company with two constables, no other prisoners—he is the man I saw that morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was Hart and the man who is not here, on one side of the road, and Rogers and Keeling on the other? A. Yes; it was after Rogers took off his hat, I looked over the road—I was on the same aide as Rogers and Keeling.

Cross-examined by
MR. LILLEY. Q. Had you ever seen either of these men before? A. Never—I did not notice what waft the colour of the pocket handkerchief with which Rogers wiped his face.





HENRY BINGHAM
 (police sergeant, E 6). I took Hart into custody on Monday, 26th May, in Francis-street, Tottenham-court-road—I told him I wanted him on suspicion of being concerned with three others in committing a burglary on the other side of the water—he said, "Who are you?"—I was in plain clothes—I told him I was a constable, and I said, "You know me very well"—he asked where I was going to take him—I told him I was going to take him to Walworth, but I should first take him to Broad-street station—he was taken to Walworth, and there he said he knew nothing about it—I knew him before, and I knew Rogers and Keeling—I have seen them together.





JAMES COPPIN
 (police sergeant, P 15). From information, I took Coxhill into custody—I went on the morning of 17th May to No. 21, South-wharf-road, Paddington—I told Coxhill I came to speak to him—he invited me to his room—I said I was come to speak to him about that affair yesterday morning—he said "You mean down the Old Kent-road"—I said, "Yes, I do, I want to know where you took those parcels to"—he said, "Oh! I thought you was one of the gentlemen"—I said, "No, I am not, I am a policeman, and I want you to show me what you have done with them, and come along with me"—he put his coat on, and said he would show me—he took me to Drummond-street, Buston-square, and he said that a gentleman took them out of his cab, and took them down a street which he would show me—he took me to the corner of Whittlebury street and Drummond-street, which leads down to the railway station—he pointed to the kerb and said, "This is where they left me, and went down there"—I made inquiries, and kept him with me all the time—I then told him I could not believe his statement, and I should take him to the station—I took him to the station, and from there to Walworth station—T there said, "You are charged with being concerned with two men in custody, and two men not in custody, in committing a burglary in Mr. Butler's house, in the Old Kent-road yesterday morning"—he said, "You cannot say that I am concerned any more than taking the things away in my cab"—I had been looking for Hart,

but was not able to find him—I did not know him personally myself—they sent for me to the station when Hart was taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER, Q. When you went to Coxhill you were in private clothes, and the reply he made was, "I thought you were one of the gentlemen?" A. Yes—he took me to a street near Euston-square—on my way to the station, I told him what the toll collector had said about the shilling being thrown down—he said, "Yes, the gentleman inside gave it me, and told me not to mind the change"—I said, "The other toll collector says you would not stop to pay at ail"—he said, "No, the gentleman told me to make haste."

COURT. Q. At the time you went to Paddington what was the state of his whiskers? A. The same as they are now, but I had had him described to me as a man with large whiskers.
(John Graham, a draper, and Robert Hill, a cabinet maker, Cambridge-place, gave Coxhill, a good character.)

ROGERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

KEELING—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



—Six Years Penal Servitude.



COXHILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—



Four Years Penal Servitude.



HART—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.
(Hart and Rogers were further charged with having been before convicted.)





HENRY BINGHAM

re-examined. I produce a certificate—(Read: "At Clerkenwell, Jan. 7th, 1853, James Sullivan was convicted of stealing a shawl, and other articles, and ordered to be confined for twelve months")—I was present, Hart is the man that was tried.





WILLIAM GOSLING
 (policeman, S 339). I produce a certificate—(Read: "Westminster Sessions, Nov., 1853, Thomas Munday was convicted, on his own confession, of stealing money, and ordered to be confined eighteen month")—I was present, Rogers is the man who was then tried.

ROGERS—GUILTY.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


HART—GUILTY.—



Six Years Penal Servitude.


