



153. 




WILLIAM CLARK



, feloniously and knowingly uttering a forged 5l. note, purporting to be a 5l. note of the 

Bank of England, with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.





MARIA HARNETT
. I am single, and live in Duke-street, Westminster—on 12th Nov., I met the prisoner in Kennington-lane—he went home with me and gave me some money—I went out with him—he said he wanted to go and meet a friend in the London-road—he went into a public house and inquired for a person, but I was not aware who—it was some seafaring man—he went into a second public house, and there was a seafaring man there—I stopped a short time, and the prisoner said he would come to me again—he did come, but I was not at home—I saw him afterwards and

went to a public house, and he treated me—on Saturday, 17th Nov., he came to my place about 8 o'clock in the evening—he stopped with me a short time, and asked me if I could get him change for a 5l. note—I said I would see—he took from his pocket a purse, and pulled out a 5l. note—I took it out of his hand and called Mrs. Perkins—I asked her if she could oblige me to get change for a 5l. note—I called my landlord, Mr. Perkins, and he came to the room door—I gave him the note to get change and bring a drop of gin—he came back with the change—he brought back four sovereigns, and I believe a half sovereign amongst it—he laid it on the table, but I did not look at it—the prisoner had gone out to get some cigars—he came back in three or four minutes—I pointed out the change to him, and he took it up and told it, and he gave me half a sovereign—just as he was going out, he told me to put on my things and meet him at Mr. Watchborn's, where he had a man or two to pay—I went after him, but did not find him—he was not there—I never saw him again till I bad him taken on the 26th—the note was returned as forged on the Saturday afternoon—I then went after the prisoner, but could not find him.

Cross-examined by
MR. LILLEY. Q. You live just by the London-road? A. Yes; it is close by—I had only known the prisoner from Monday, the 12th—I met him in the road—Duke-street is not a great way from the New-cut—one end goes into the Waterloo-road.





WILLIAM PERKINS
. I am landlord of Maria Harnett, in Duke-street—on 17th Nov., she gave me a 5l. note to get changed—this is the note—I wrote my name on it—I took it to a public house in Waterloo-road and got the change—it was afterwards returned to me by the landlord as a forged note.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you notice anything on the note? A. Yes—" London and Westminster Bank," in blue ink—Maria Harnett had lodged in my house some time—it may be two or three years.





JAMES MILLS
 (policeman, L 162). I apprehended the prisoner on 26th Nov., between 9 and 10 o'clock in the evening Maria Harnett called me to take him—I asked him if he knew anything about that female, and about a 5l. note—he said, yes, he had given her a 5l. note, but he did not know it was a bad one—I took him to the station—he said he had received the note from a sailor who had been stopping at his house for six weeks—the sailor's name was John Grant, on board the Elizabeth, lying in the London Docks—I made inquiries the next day—I could not find a ship called the Elizabeth there—I looked through the docks to see if any such vessel was there—I could not ascertain that any such vessel had been there.





ANTHONY MILLER
. I am a watch maker, and live at No. 22, Charlotte-row, Walworth. The prisoner came to my shop on 20th Oct., between 8 and 9 o'clock in the evening—he wanted a silver watch—I showed him some watches, and he selected one which was 3l. 5s.—whilst he was selecting I observed a woman standing at the window, and she came into the shop and produced a chain from under her shawl—she asked me if it was gold—I said it was not—the prisoner told my lady that he had been very unfortunate in his first marriage, that his wife dropt the wedding ring in the church yard, and his wife was either burnt to death, or fell down dead—he then said he should want a ring for himself and after he had got one he wished to have a wedding ring, as he was going to be married again—he then had a silver chain—he selected all these things—I papered them up and laid them on the counter—he then took out a small porte mannaie, and took out what

appeared to be a 5l. note—he gave it me, and two half crowns and a sixpence in silver—this is the note—he wrote his name on the back of it, "George Cave, No. 5, Grosvenor-terrace"—I asked him where that was—he said, "Close at the back of these houses"—I took the note to some person to see, and on the following Monday it was returned to me from the Bank—I went to No. 5, Grosvenor-terrace—no such person was living there.

Cross-examined. Q. You had not seen the person who came, before that evening? A. No—I saw him write this on the note—he wrote it on the glass case in my shop—he might be in the shop twenty minutes or half an hour—a woman came in—1 should not know her again—she only asked one question—I did not take the chain in my hand—I said it was not gold—this was on Saturday night—this is the note—here is "W. Brown" and "Mr. Todd" on it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did you next see the prisoner? A. I think about a month ago—he was then in prison, with three others—I picked him out—I am sure he is the man.





JOHN SADLER
. I have lived at No. 5, Grosvenor-terrace, since the 1st Aug.—no such person as George Kay or Cave has lived there.





BENJAMIN POOL
. 1 am assistant to Mr. Telford, a pawnbroker, in St. George's-street East, Whitechapel. On 25th Oct., the prisoner brought this silver watch and silver guard chain to pawn—he would not take the price I offered him—he came again on the 26th, and took it—I lent him two guineas.

MR. MILLER
re-examined. This is the watch and chain I sold the prisoner.





JOHN WADLACHE GRIFFITHS
. I am a watchmaker, and live in Went-worth-place, Mile End-road—the prisoner came to me on 6th Nov. between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening—he said he was highly recommended to me by a person that I had sold a watch to, and he wanted a silver watch, second hand—I showed him some lever watches at about 6l.—he said he could not give that price—that he was about to be married as to morrow, and if he had a watch he would have a wedding ring of me—I showed him a watch out of the window at 3l. 15s.—he liked it, and said he would have a wedding ring—I showed him some, and he chose one—he then wanted a lady's gold keeper—he then wanted a pretty brooch for the lady—he had them—he then looked round, and said, "I do not see any chains that you have"—I said, "We have just been cleaning the window, but we have some"—I showed him a silver chain, and cleaned it for him—he liked it, and had it—the whole came to 5l. 14s. 6d.—he said if I would take 10s. off he would take the lot—I said it was impossible to take 10s. off—he said he was sorry he had given me the trouble—he wished me good day, and went outside the door—I should imagine he was in the shop about three quarters of an hour (when he bought the wedding ring he put it on his finger)—he went out of the shop, and returned, and asked me if I could pick him out a cheaper brooch—I picked out one at 4s. 6d., instead of 8s. 6d.—that reduced the bill to 5l. 10s. 6d.—he offered me 5l. 5s., as he could not afford any more, which I took—he paid me a 5l. note, as I supposed, and 5s.—he took the note from a purse of some description—I did not notice it, as I was winding the watch up—I asked him his name—he said Mr. Clark, No. 16, White Horse-lane, which is very nearly opposite my house—I wrote, in his presence, the name and address, which is on it now, and my initials—he took the goods, and went away—I paid the note away the next morning, and it was returned on the Friday

night, following—I saw the prisoner again about a fortnight since—I picked him out of a lot of prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you see him afterwards? A. About three weeks afterwards—he was not dressed as he is now, he had a large handkerchief on, and a great coat—but he has a peculiar countenance, and seeing him for three quarters of an hour, and taking a 5l. note of him, I do not think I could be deceived, in him.





GEORGE HOWARD
, I am assistant to Mr. Byas, a pawnbroker, of No. 147, St. George's-street, Whitechapel—I produce this silver watch, which I received in pledge of the prisoner on 7th Nov., between 8, and half past 10 o'clock in the morning—I advanced two guineas on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see the man who pawned this before? A. No—he was some time in the shop—we argued about the price—he wanted 50s.

COURT. Q. How long wag he in the shop? A. Ten minutes—part of our profession is to observe people's faces—he gave me a very satisfactory account of it—he said he wanted to make up his rent.

MR. GRIFFITHS
re-examined. This is my watch—it is a double backed horizontal—I had had it about a year and a half—it was made by Stroud, of Newington.





EDWARD HAWKINS
. I am a grocer, and live at No. 16, White Horse-lane, Mile End—I have lived there thirty years—no one has lived there but me and my family.





WILLIAM ROWLAT
. I am one of the inspectors of bank notes in the Bank of England These three notes are all counterfeits, and. two of them bear the same number and letter—they are forged in all respects—it is possible that the bank may issue two 5l. notes of the same letter and number, but not the same date—I think these are all from the same plate—they all bear the same date, and the same signature.

COURT. Q. Do you put the date in at the time the other part is printed? A. No, that is put in afterwards; but these appear to have been done at the same time as the other.




GUILTY
. Aged 52—


Transported for Twenty Years
.
