




907. 




JOSEPH HOLYOAK
 and 




BENJAMIN HENRY HOLYOAK



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Thomas Monaghan, with intent to disable him. 2nd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS MONAOHAN
 (policeman, D 32). On 15th July, I was on duty in plain clothes in Westbourne-park-road, Paddington, and saw the prisoners and another loitering about; I watched them up the Harrow-road, into Johnson's mews—Joseph came to me and asked me if I had a lucifer; I told him I had not—he went away into the mews and whistled—I followed him and saw Benjamin and another man on the wall at the rear of the public house, and asked what they were doing—Joseph never said a word, but pulled a chisel from his pocket and struck me on the left side of the head with the iron end of it, twice—it cut me in two places, and the blood flowed—I took hold of him, and called, "Police!" and Benjamin and the other man came up to me, and each struck me with a chisel; the right side of my head was cut open, and the doctor afterwards took two pieces of bone out—the two prisoners gave me three wounds—a constable came and took Joseph into custody, and Benjamin was taken afterwards—I took this chisel from Joseph (this being produced was about a foot and a half long)—Joseph also struck me with his fist on the side of my head—a doctor came to the station and dressed my wounds—the other chisel was as large as this one.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is the mews a place where people can go to make water? A. They are not allowed to do so, but they might—the wall is five or six feet high; it is not nine feet—it is higher than I am, but not twice as high—it leads to a mews at the back of the Ben Jonson—I did not see the men climb on to the wall—I have not examined it to see if there is any way for them to have got up—I saw no ledge—they must have climbed right up the wall—I swear that Joseph came up and struck me

before anybody else touched me—I did not seize him after the other men had struck me—I did not search either of the other men or tell them I would search them—I told them I was a policeman—I had never seen either of them before to my knowledge—I never let go of Joseph while the other men were striking me, not till the policeman came up.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was there a gas lamp there? A. Yes, nine or ten yards off—I noticed at the time the peculiarity that there is about Benjamin's eyes—there was a yard and houses on the other side of the wall—if persons got over the wall they would be in the yard of the public house.





ALFRED CRITTALL
 (policeman, D 239). About half-past 1 o'clock, on the morning of 15th July, I was on duty in Westbourne-gardens, and heard a cry of "Police!" in the direction of Johnson's Mews—before I got there I saw two men run away, but did not see their faces—I found Monaghan there and the prisoner Joseph—they had hold of each other—Monaghan said the men had struck him with a chisel, which I saw he had got, and I found another chisel about five yards off—as I was going up to them I saw Joseph strike Monaghan twice on the side of the head with his fist—Monaghan's face was covered with blood—I took Joseph into my custody, and told him he must go to the station—he did not say a word—I saw several marks of blood on his jacket.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see Monaghan close to him bleeding? A. Yes; I did not see him wipe his hands on Joseph's jacket—Monaghan walked a few yards behind us to the station, but nothing was said by him or Joseph—Monaghan did not say he could not let go of him, there was somebody behind.





FREDERICK COOK
 (police sergeant, D 7). On Wednesday, 10th July, I went to a beer shop by the House of Detention, in search of a person who Monaghan had described to me—I saw the prisoner Benjamin at the bar, took him into custody, and told him the charge—he said he knew nothing of it—I said, "Do you know the name of Holyoak?"—he said, "I know no such name"—he said he had come to the House of Detention to see a brother, who was there for assaulting a constable.

Cross-examined. Q. How long after the transaction was this? A. Five days afterwards—he was sitting openly in the beer shop.





PETER ROE
, M. D. I am a surgeon, of Porter-street, Paddington. About 2 o'clock in the morning I was called up to see Monaghan, and found two large wounds on the fore part of his head bleeding copiously—one of them was four inches long partly incised and partly contused; it indented into the bone—the other wound was similar, but not quite so long—they were the result of violent blows—I only saw him that night—I did not continue to attend him.





HENRY ANCELL
. I am surgeon to this division of police. Monaghan came under my charge on the morning of 16th July—I found three wounds, partly incised and partly contused, of a very severe character—they were attended with danger to his life, and might be produced by this chisel—a portion of bone came away from one of them—the bone had evidently been struck by the chisel.

MR. PAYNE
called






MARY ANN ROUSE
. I live at No. 30, Long-alley, Sun-street, Bishopsgate. I have known Benjamin Holyoak about two months—I first heard of his being taken the week before last; his father came down and told me of it—I am his young woman, I suppose you will term it—I met him on Thursday, 14th July, at half-past 8 o'clock in the evening, and we went to a concert

in Shoreditch somewhere, but I am a stranger in London—we came away at 12 o'clock, and went into two other houses on our way home; the last was the Crown and Shuttle, in Shoreditch—we separated at a few minutes to 1 o'clock, at the corner of Sun-street, Bishopsgate—I do not know "Westbourne-terrace at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. How old are you? A. Turned twenty—I came up to London from Bristol at Whitsuntide, with the intention of stopping—I have been supporting myself at trowser work—I became acquainted with him at the concert room (where I went with a woman and her husband), and he asked me to meet him again—I was with Mrs. Talbot, I live with and work for her—I saw her and her husband to-day—there was no one else at the concert that I knew; I know no one else in London—I am not the prisoner Benjamin's wife; I have not passed as such—I did not apply to come into this Court, and when I was refused say to that man (one of the door keepers) that I was the wife of one of the prisoners—I never said such a thing to him, on my oath—I asked him if I could come in, and said I was a witness—he said, "Are you any relation?"—I said, "No"—I only know the other prisoner by seeing him about twice with his brother.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What time did you leave Mr. and Mrs. Talbot? A. A few minutes before 12 o'clock—they went straight home, and left us alone together.

COURT. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. No.

MR. BODKIN
called






WILLIAM PLATT
. I am on duty outside the door of this Court. Mary Ann House applied to be admitted; she said she was a witness, and the wife of one of the prisoners—I feel positive she said " wife. "

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I suppose you knew that if she was his wife, she could not be a witness? A. I did not know that; I have not been at this Court long.

Q. Might not you mistake the word "witness" for wife?" A. I understood her "witness" as well as "wife"—I might be mistaken, but to the best of my belief, I decidedly heard those words from her—I am very frequently found fault with for not letting in the wives of prisoners.





FREDERICK COOK

re-examined. Monaghan was with me on the Wednesday when I apprehended Benjamin—I had watched Benjamin to the house with a female who I believe to be Mary Ann Rouse.

JOSEPH—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

BENJAMIN—


GUILTY
.** Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.

