







120. 




JOHN SMITH,



 JOHN MAHONEY,



 EDWARD LAWRENCE,



 MARY ANN FOLEY
, and 




EMMA SHAW



, burglarious breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Benjamin Boulder, and stealing 1 iron chest, 1 wine warrant, and other articles, value 200l. 15s., his properly.


MR. PATHS
conducted the Prosecution.





BENJAMIN BOULDER
. I keep the Marquis of Granby public house in Cando's-street, in the parish of St. Martin's-in-the-Fields, at the corner of Bedford bury; I live there. On Tuesday, 13th Nov., I went to bed about half past 10 o'clock at night—I was awoke in the night, I think, between 1 and 2 o'clock by a noise like a window opening—I left my bed and went to the staircase—I listened some minutes, and not hearing any more I thought I must be mistaken—I went back to my bed—I was awoke again in about a quarter of an hour by a cracking and breaking noise—I went again to the door at the top of the stairs and fancied I heard some one on the stairs—I said, "Charles, is that you? who is there?"—Charles is my barman—not hearing any more noise I said, "It is a good thing I have got my gun loaded"—I said that aloud, any one might hear—I heard no answer—I saw that the window had been let down to let the steam or the gas out—I put up that upper part of the window, and directly I heard a quick step in Taylor's buildings—that window looks into Taylor's-buildings—I heard a man singing "Hail, a milling morn!"—I thought I knew the voice—I thought it was Mahoney's—he was going with a quick step, and with thick shoes on—I listened again for about ten minutes—I thought I must be mistaken, and that the noise I heard must have been in the court, and not in my house—I went to sleep again—about 5 o'clock in the morning the policeman rang the bell—I went to the window—the policeman said, "Do you know the door is open?"—I said, "No"—I went down and found the back door open which leads into Taylor's-buildings—that door is two or three yards from the door leading to the bar—that door leading to the bar had been broken open by a

chisel, or some instrument—the woodwork had been cut away, so that they could draw the lock through without turning the bolt back—I went into the bar, and the first thing I saw was the cigar case empty, and two or three cigars lying about the counter—there had been about 2lbs weight taken away—I went into the bar par lour and saw my writing desk had been forced open—there had been only two drawers in it locked, and they had been forced open—they had lifted up the top of the desk, so that they could draw the top drawer out—the other drawer they had broken all to pieces, but not open—from a drawer that was not locked I missed afterwards a shawl, which I had seen safe about 9 o'clock the night before—I had kept it there on purpose to throw over my head when I lie on the sofa—I hare a till in the barm which was kept about 10s. in silver, and 5s. in copper—the till was open, and the bowl in which the silver was kept lay under the counter—to open the till, the woodwork had been cut away, and the bolt put down—I went into the par lour and found the iron chest had been taken away—it had contained various documents, Dock warrants for brandy and wine to the amount of about 195l., leases, and other things, worth altogether about 3,000l—I should think it weighed nearly 2 cwt—I could lift it from the ground—it had two handles, two persons could carry it—I can get the brandy and wine by making an affidavit—I have seen Smith, Mahoney, and Foley in my house several times, both together and separately.

Cross-examined by
MR. LILLET. Q. Have you seen Smith come in with Mahoney and Foley? A. Yes—they have been in my house twenty or thirty times—they have been at the bar, I have no taproom.

Croat-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Had you seen Mahoney that night? A. No—I never heard him sing "Hail, smiling morn!" in the house, but I knew his voice—I have seen him as I have seen another customer—I never saw him drunk—the iron chest was about two feet wide and eighteen inches deep.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. You have seen Foley come and drink like other persons 9 A. I have seen her, perhaps, thirty times—I have not kept the place above six or seven months—I suppose it was a public house before I had it.

Lawrence. Q. Did you see me in the place, or near the place? A. I never saw you or Shaw before.

COURT. Q. How long have you known Mahoney? A. I should say six weeks or two months, he comes in as a customer—I never spoke to the man above twice in my life—I knew his voice by hearing him speak in the house—I never had any conversation with him—he had been there several times—I thought it was Mahoney's voice that I heard, and I mentioned it next morning before Mahoney was mentioned to me, before the police told me who they had seen.





CHARLES WILLIAM BENTLEY
. I am barman to Mr. Bolter. I was the last person up on the night of 13th Nov.—I went to bed about half-past 12 o'clock—I locked and barred the premises—I locked and barred the door leading to Taylor's-buildings, at 10 minutes before 12 o'clock—I locked the door leading to the bar—there was 15s. in silver and copper in the till—I saw the till locked up by my mistress, Mrs. Bolter—while I was shutting up the place the prisoners Smith and Mahoney, and another man who is not In custody, came in and called for a pint of ale, which came to 2d.—they drank it, and stayed about ten minutes—I thought Mahoney seemed a little intoxicated, Smith was perfectly sober—they appeared to be in close conversation together—they went away, and I shut up.


Cross-examined by
MR. LILLET. Q. How long have you been barman there? A. About seven months—I have seen Smith come in, not very often—I regularly serve in the bar—I might have seen him twenty times.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you miss any gin the next morning? A. Yes; about three gallons out of the casks—a quantity of cigars—an iron chest, and some pound cakes, small heart cakes with currants in them.





BENJAMIN BOULDER

re-examined Q. Is there a kitchen window at your house? A. Yes—when I went to bed it was shut down, but it might not have been fastened—it is on the first floor—it opens on to the balcony—it was shut when I went to bed—supposing a person to have opened it, and got in, they could have gone down and opened the street door from the inside—the door which leads to Taylor's-buildings must have been opened from inside.

COURT. Q. Is that balcony at the front? A. It is the whole front of the house, about half a yard high all round from Taylor's-buildings to the end of the house, and there is a ledge run across the court at the top of the fascia—if anybody got along the ledge they could get on the balcony, and to my window.





ELIZA BOULDER
. I am the wife of the prosecutor. I remained up after my husband went to bed, on the night of 13th Nov.—I went to bed about 5 minutes past 12 o'clock—I did not leave the barman up—I always go to bed last—I was in the bar when the barman was shutting up—I saw Smith and Mahoney come in with another man—the barman served them with a pint of ale—it came to 2d.—I looked up at the clock, and said, "Gentlemen, it is 12 o'clock; we always close at 12 o'clock"—Mahoney said, "All right, Mrs. Bolter"—I went to the other end of the bar, and came up again, and he said to me, "Good night, Mrs. Boulder"—I did not go into the kitchen after my husband had gone to bed—I looked in the kitchen—I did not see whether the window was down—I saw that the lower part was all safe—I went round a second time—I was disturbed in the night—in the morning I missed a good many pound cakes with currants in them, and likewise some spirits.





MARK ROSE
 (police sergeant, F 38). On the night of 13th Nov. I was on duty in Bedford bury—I know Taylor's-buildings—I saw all the prisoner at the corner of the Marquis of Granby public house at 12 o'clock—I expect they saw me, and they went away into Cando's-street—they were doing nothing but standing at the corner—at 1 o'clock I saw Smith, Mahoney, Foley, and Shaw, but not Lawrence, standing at the same place—I saw a ladder standing in Bedford bury at the house adjoining the prosecutor's—Mahoney went three or four steps up the ladder—I went towards them, and Mahoney came down and ran away—I walked up to them, and Smith and another man said, "Don't take any notice of him, he is drank"—I know that other man—I do not know his name, Lutcher is his nickname—at half past 3 o'clock I saw all the prisoners, except Lawrence, in Taylor's-buildings, which is immediately behind the Marquis of Granby—Foley and Shaw were in the passage of a house in Taylor's-buildings, three or four doors from the Marquis of Granby—Smith ran in there while Foley and Shaw were in the passage—he had been standing by when I came into Taylor's-buildings, and he left, and went in at that doorway—I heard a noise of a person going up stairs—I said to the two females, "Who is that gone up stairs?"—they both answered, "No one"—I said 1 knew there was, I heard them go up, and 1 insisted on going up—the two females stood on the stairs to prevent my going up, and they offered me some gin out of

a bottle—Foley had the bottle—they said they lived there, and I was not to make a noise—I insisted on going up—I went up, and found Smith on the top landing—I believe there are three floors—I searched him, but found nothing on him—I brought him down to the passage, and said, "Now you go home, Smith"—he went one way, and the females another—I have seen Smith, Mahoney, Foley, and Shaw together repeatedly, at all times—I saw Mahoney at half past 3 o'clock, he was standing a little farther up the buildings with Lurcher—when I came down with Smith, Mahoney was gone—when I saw Mahoney, he was singing "Hail, smiling morn!"—he was singing it loud, but no tune whatever; not like singing—I took Mahoney into custody on 16th Nov. in a public house, in Great May's-buildings, Bedford bury, about half past 12 o'clock at night—I said he was charged with a burglary at the bottom of Bedford bury—he said he knew nothing about it—I said, "What were you doing when you were coming through Taylor's-buildings at half past 3 o'clock?"—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "Were not you singing?"—he said, "I own I was singing, but I was very drunk; I did not know what I was doing"—when the charge was being taken at the station house, he said that he slept at No. 9, Turner's-court, Bedford bury—I did not see anything more of Smith till I took him into custody—I was watching at Cerkenwell House of Detention on 1st Dec.—all the prisoners were there except Smith—a female came there to inquire after Foley, and after that female left I followed her—she went up St. James's-walk—when she got to the top she was joined by Smith—that was the first time I had seen him since the night of 13th Nov.—I took him into custody—I told him what it was for—he said he knew nothing about it—at the time I saw Mahoney on the ladder, he appeared to be a little in liquor, but not very much.

Cross-examined by
MR. LAWRENCE. Q. It was only when you saw Smith meet the woman that you took him? A. I had-been looking after him—had not got him in custody before—I knew of no charge against him.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. What has become of Lurcher? A. I cannot tell, I should like to know—Mahoney said that he slept at his mother's house that night, No. 9, Turner's-court, Bedford bury—his mother said that he did live there, and I suppose he does—that is about fifty yards from the prosecutor's house—Charles-street, Drury-lane, is a quarter of a smile from there—there is another public house close to the prosecutor's—I think it was under repair—that house was not open after 12 o'clock, I am sure.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Who offered you the gin? A. Foley—there were no other women in that street at all—it is a narrow court, it runs into St. Martin's-lane—it is rather a low neighbourhood—it is frequently the case that unfortunate women are about that street at that hour—the back of the Marquis of Granby comes into Taylor's-buildings.

Lawrence. Q. Can you swear you saw me at 12 o'clock? A. Yes—I did not speak to you.

Lawrence. I was in bed at 8 o'clock.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure that Lawrence was there with the others? A. Yes, quite sure—I have seen him about frequently with Smith—I have seen them on the Dials—I have known him and seen him for three or four months—there were no other women in the doorway of the house that Smith ran to the top of—Mahoney said he slept at home at his mother's that night—I am quite sure I saw him at 12 o'clock, and at half past 3.






JOHN WEEKIS
 (policeman, F 157). On the night of 13th Nov. I was on duty in Chadors-street, Bedford bury—I saw the prisoners Smith, Mahoney, and another man, not in custody, Lutcher, standing at the bottom of Taylor's-buildings, close to the Marquis of Granby—Mahoney was standing against a ladder which was against the adjoining premises—I had seen Foley about 1 o'clock at the corner of Si Martin's-lane; she spoke to me, and asked if I could tell her where there was a house open where she could get some gin—I told her if she went up St. Martin's-lane, I had no doubt she would find a house open at the corner of the Hop-garden—she ran up St. Martin's-lane, and I saw no more of her—at half past 5 o'clock I found the back door of the Marquis of Granby open, in Taylor's-buildings—I rang the bell—I entered the house, and found the bar door broken open; that is in Taylor's-buildings, Bedford bury—I was trying the door—it was closed, but when I shoved it, the door flew open—a person might have passed it, and not observed that it was open, without they tried it.

COURT
to
MASK ROSE. Q. Did you peas the back door at half past 3 o'clock 9 A. Yes; I tried the door, it was quite right then—that was the time I saw Smith go up stairs—that was the time I tried the door, it being my time to go off duty at 4 o'clock—I tried the door before I left—Week's took that beat after me—I am sure the door was safe at half past 3 o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. LAWRENCE. Q. Where was Smith? A. On the top landing, as high as he could go—it is a poor lodging house—all the doors in that court are open—I saw him go into the house out of the court—when I saw him he was standing up.





GEORGE GODDEN
 (policeman, F 128). My beat is in Charles-street, Drury-lane—I know Smith—I saw-him at half past 4 o'clock in the morning of 14th Nov.—he came out of Long-acre, and went down Charles-street into No. 13—I know he was living there with Foley, in the second floor front room—I had been on duty in that neighborhood, and had seen him go in and out there.

Cross-examined by
MR. LAWRENCE. Q. A good many men and women lodge in that house? A. Yes—I saw Smith that morning come from Long-acre, and go down there—knowing his character, I generally watched him when I saw him—the constable came to me about 9 o'clock, and asked where Smith lived.

MR. PATHS. Q. How long have you known him? A. Twelve months—I have done duty there the last three or four months—1 am sure it was him.





ROBERT M'KENZIE
 (police inspector). On the morning of 14th Nov. I was on duty in Bow-street station, when the prisoners Foley, Shaw, and Lawrence were brought in; they were in a state of drunken insensibility—they were detained till 6 o'clock in the evening, when they were sober—I then told them they were charged, with others, in committing a burglary in the prosecutor's house, in Bedford bury—Foley said she had been out all night drinking in Holborn, and she did not return home till 2 o'clock—Shaw said she had been drinking at the Bell public house in the Strand, and had not been in Bedford bury all night—Foley also said that she had not been in Bedford bury at all—Lawrence said that he had slept at his aunt's, at No. 44, Dudley-street, in the second floor back room, and his aunt's name was Jacobs—the females gave their address at No. 13, Charles-street, Drury-lane, and they said that the boy Lawrence was in the same room with them—on the evening of the 16th I went to the Marquis of

Granby, and examined the premises—I observed a ladder which was placed against the adjoining house, which is being painted down, and there is a ledge, about eight inches wide, which runs along the face of the adjoining premises in Bedford bury, and that joins to the balcony of the prosecutor's house—I observed marks on that ledge, and on the wall which was fresh painted—the dust was rubbed off the ledge which led to the prosecutor's—there were marks on the wall under the ledge, as if a person had got from the ladder to the ledge—the ledge goes over a gateway which leads to Taylor's-buildings—the adjoining house goes over Taylor's-buildings—the ledge goes to the balcony of the prosecutor's house, only the balcony is six inches higher than the ledge—a large person could not have passed along that ledge; a boy I think could.

COURT. Q. Could they not have put the ladder against the balcony? A. No; it was a very large ladder, and fixed—there was a board tied in front of the ladder at night.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you remember Smith and Foley being brought to the station on 1st Oct.? A. Yes; on another charge—they then gave their address at No. 8, Charles-street, Drury-lane, and said they were living together.

Cross-examined by
MR. LAWRENCE. Q. The ladder was fixed to the adjoining house? A. Yes—there was a board tied on it, about six feet long—but there was the back of the ladder to go up.

JURY. Q. You saw some marks on the paint? A. Yes; it appeared to me to be a toe mark—not with the hand.

COURT. Q. When was Lawrence taken? A. He was brought to the station about 10 o'clock the same morning—there were marks of whitewash on his coat, and his shoes were covered with whitewash—there was red ochre on his coat, and under the sink at the prosecutor's, I found some party had been there, for a portion of the coloring had been rubbed off, and that exactly corresponded with what was on the boy's coat; and there was the appearance of common white wash—there was no paint on his shoes—the paint near the ledge was set—there was no wet paint.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. These women were drunk when brought to the station? A. Yes—the address they gave was the address at which they were taken.





HENRY ATTWOOD
 (police-sergeant, F 152). I went to No. 13, Charles-street, Druiy-lane, on the morning of 14th Nov.—I went into the second floor front room—I found Foley and the boy Lawrence in bed, and Shaw was sitting on a chair very drunk—Lawrence was vomiting—I looked at the vomit—it contained some currants, and some other substance, but what I could not ascertain—I said to Foley, "Whose room is this?"—she said, "Ours, to be sure"—I searched the room, and in a cupboard I found these cigars tied up in this apron—I inquired whose apron it was, and Shaw said, "It is my apron"—I found this shawl, which I produce, on the bed—I asked Foley whose shawl it was—she said, "It is my shawl"—she was about to put it on as she was coming down, and she dropped it on the stairs—I picked it up—when she got to the door, she said, "Mrs. Smith," (who is landlady of the house), "I wish you would give me a dark shawl for this light one"—I told her she would not have the shawl at all, I should take her to the station without one—I know that Smith and Foley cohabited together——I have seen them as being companions of each other.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. You have seen them so frequently together, that you have no doubt he was keeping her? A. I believe so—where these women were living is a common place, where men go to visit

females—it is a low lodging house let out in apartments—other women live in the same house—I believe there are men taken there by these women—Foley and Shaw were helplessly drunk—Foley and Lawrence were in bed—Foley had her clothes on—this shawl was on the bed, it was not folded up—I did not find any other shawl in the room—Foley and Shaw appeared to be asleep—I sent to the station for assistance, and removed them as soon as I could—this was about 9 o'clock in the morning—the boy Lawrence had his clothes on—he was in such a beastly state of intoxication, he could not be examined.





BENJAMIN BOLTER

re-examined. I had cigars of precisely the same quality as these—here are three or four sorts—t have some of each of the same—I missed the same quantity, and the same kind—this shawl I can swear to—I have had it eight or ten years.
(Esther Jacobs, the aunt of Lawrence, stated that he had lived with her the last four months, and had been a good boy, but the did. not know how many times he had been in prison.)

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

MAHONEY—


GUILTY
, Aged 23.—



Four Years Penal Servitude
.

LAWRENCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

FOLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

SHAW—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.






Confined Eighteen Months
.
(Smith and Lawrence were further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOSEPH BUTCHER
 (policeman, B 109). I produce a certificate of Smith's conviction (Read: Central Criminal Court, 


William Florence, convicted, Aug., 1848, having been twice before convicted: 
Transported for ten years)—the prisoner is the person.





SAMUEL ROBERT FOULSHAW
. I am an officer of the House of Correction. I produce a certificate of the conviction of Lawrence (Read: Westminster Sessions, Edward Lawrence convicted, Aug., 1854, and confined six months) I took him to the place, and know that he served his time there—he had been in prison previous, and he had three months last April, and two months last Aug., in the name of Jacobs.

SMITH—
GUILTY.—


Transported for Twenty Tears
.

LAWRENCE—
GUILTY.—



Confined Twelve Months
.
