




1095. 




STEPHEN COOLEY
 and 




WILLIAM KING



, stealing 11 gowns, value 30s.; the goods of 



William Harding: King having been before convicted.






JOHN SEYMOUR
. I am salesman to William Harding, a pawnbroker, of York-street, Westminster. On the Thursday fortnight before 18th May I received information, went outside the shop door, and missed a bundle of gowns—they were hung separately on a rope at the side of the house, rather down a court—I went down two or three streets, and saw King with a bundle on his back, a kind of sack made with one of the gowns, by tying it up by the arms—I called out—he turned round, looked at me, threw the gowns down, and ran away—I saw his face—they were William Harding's property, and worth 30s.





JOSEPH WINFIELD
. I am a bricklayer, of 5, York-street. At the beginning of May I was near Mr. Harding's shop, and saw the prisoners, whom I had seen before—King took the gowns down from the side entrance—Cooley was then just inside the kerb—I had seen them together before, walking up and down the street—King then went across the road—Cooley followed him to Horseshoe-alley, and I gave information.

King. Q. Can you swear to me? A. Yes; I know you well, by seeing you and watching you three quarters of an hour, walking backwards and forwards.

Cooley. Q. When did you see me again? A. Next morning, at nine o'clock—I did not see you in custody till a fortnight after.






ESTHER WILLIAMS
. I live with my father, in Horseshoe-alley. I saw both the prisoners carrying a bundle before them in the alley—they went into a passage at the bottom of the alley, and folded them up—Cooley stood outside to watch—I saw Seymour coming—Cooley then went into the passage, said something to the other one, and they both came out, and ran away—I cannot positively swear King is the person, but it was a taller man than Cooley.





JOHN CUTTING
 (policeman, B 235). I took the prisoners on 11th May, on another charge—I went to Mr. Harding's the next day, and afterwards on the 18th, I received these three gowns from there.

Cooley. Q. How many did they state were stolen? A. Eleven—the robbery was on 2nd May.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
 (policeman, B 95). I produce a certificate—(read—William King, Convicted Aug., 1846, having been before convicted, confined one year)—I was present, King is the party.

KING—


GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


COOLEY—


GUILTY
.†** Aged 21.—



Confined Twelve Months.

