



1028. 




WILLIAM JAMES ROBSON
 was again indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering a transfer of 50 shares, and interest, in the capital stock of the 

Crystal Palace Company.


MR. SERJEANT BALLAXTINE, with
MESSRS. BODKIN. and
HAWKINS, conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE SIDNEY CLEMENT
. I am a stock broker, carrying on business in the City. I am acquainted with the prisoner—he was in the habit of employing me in my business—in Jan. last he employed me to sell 100 shares in the Crystal Palace Company—I sold them in the market to brokers—50 shares were sold to Mr. Low, and 50 to Mr. Brandard—I received 295l. for the 100 shares—I paid that to the prisoner—this (produced) is a transfer deed; it was either sent or brought to me by the prisoner—I observe a signature to the execution of it by Mr. Johnson, the seller—I cannot swear to that handwriting—I am acquainted with the prisoner's handwriting, it is rather like his—the signature of "William Jas. Robson "is the prisoner's writing—this reached me at No. 7. Bank-chambers, I believe, before I paid over to the prisoner the purchase money of those shares—I delivered that paper to the person to whom I sold the shares.
(MR. BODKIN. proposing to read the transfer, MR. GIFFARD, for the prisoner, objected, until the signature of the purchaser was first proved in the ordinary manner, by calling the attesting witness.)





GEORGE FOSSON
. I am treasurer and registrar of the Crystal Company, I have the charter of incorporation here, it is dated 28th Jan., 1853—the prisoner was in the service of the Company—he entered the service in the early part of 1853, and continued in it till 17th Sept. last—on 30th June, 1854, he was appointed chief clerk in the transfer department, at a salary of 150l. a year—there are register books of the shareholders in the Company, and a register book of the transfer of those shares—there is also a guard book, in which the transfer deeds from time to time are posted, so as to be preserved in the office of the Company—those books were under the charge of the prisoner as principal clerk in the transfer department—a certificate of proprietorship was, in the first instance, issued to each proprietor of shares—they were not all delivered out to the owners; those that were not delivered out were returned by the Company, until they were required by the owners—those certificates would be accessible to the prisoner; they were not strictly under his care—on the morning of 17th Sept. last, a complaint of irregularity was made against the prisoner, in the presence of Mr. Grove, the secretary—the irregularity was the passing of transfers

through the books without a title! in the transferror—this took place in my room at the Crystal Palace—upon that complaint being made, the prisoner said that it did appear to be irregular, but that he had the necessary transfers in his possession that would make it right—I asked him if he had them there—he said no, they were at his private house, which was at Kilburn—he offered to produce the transfers to me, if I would accompany him to his private house, and I went with him—when we arrived there, he left the room into which we were shown, two or three times, apparently from observations he made, with a view of getting papers together, and the last time he left the room he did not return—I never saw him again until I saw him in custody at the police court at Lambeth, about a fortnight or three weeks ago—after my visit to Kilburn, I made search in the office that was occupied by the prisoner at the Crystal Palace—I made a partial search the next day, and continued the search for some days—I cannot remember that I found this particular document—I know the prisoner's writing very well—the signature of the attesting witness to the name of Johnson is in the prisoner's handwriting—I have the register of shares in Court (produced)—these are the A shares—I have looked through this book myself—Henry Johnson is not registered on the A list of shareholders—this transfer applies to the A shares—I beg to correct my answer; Henry Johnson is registered, but not in respect of these shares; he is described as of "Birmingham, contractor"—he is not registered in respect of shares 145,052 to 145,101—the shares not called A and B shares are the original shares of 500l. each—then there was a second issue of 250,000l. A shares, a third issue of 150,000l. B shares, and a fourth issue of 150,000l. preference shares—a person who had shares transferred to him, would deposit the deed of transfer at the office of the Company—it would be the prisoner's duty to see that the deed of transfer was properly registered on the books—I have before me an entry to the credit of Joseph Low's account of 50 shares, numbered 145,052 to 145,101—the whole of that entry is in the prisoner's handwriting—there are two columns in the book, one for the date of transfer of shares to the credit of the account, and also a column for the number of transfer of shares to the credit of that account—the transfers are numbered consecutively—there is no entry of the date, or number of the transfer, of the 50 shares to Mr. Low.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Is that the only register? A. This is the shareholders' register—there was a numerical register—it is not in existence now; it has fallen into disuse, and has not been entered up—it is at the office of the Company—it has not been entered up for these two years—it was kept by one of the junior clerks in the office, whoever was disengaged, no one in particular—I have examined that recently—it was the immediate duty of the prisoner to see that the transfers were regularly registered; I was the superior officer, but I had several departments—at every general meeting of shareholders a register was made up purporting to be a complete statement of the shares—it appeared to be complete—I looked at the total—I did not go into all the details personally, or add up the shares.





HENRY JOHNSON
. I am a contractor and builder, living at Birmingham, and am a connection of the prisoner's. There is no other person of my name carrying on the same business at Birmingham—the signature of Henry Johnson to this deed is not mine—it is not my writing; I never gave any person authority to write it.

Gross-examined. Q. Did nothing ever pass between you and the prisoner

about your having shares in the Crystal Palace? A. Never—I am quit, sure of that—there were some money transactions between us—I am quite positive that nothing was ever said about my consenting to take shares and transfer them to him—nothing was ever said about his using my name as a shareholder—nothing of the sort.





GEORGE GROVE
. I am Secretary of the Crystal Palace Company. I believe I was at the Palace when a search was made in the office occupied by the prisoner—I cannot say that I saw any transfer of shares found in a closet there—I am well acquainted with the prisoner's handwriting—I believe this signature of Robson to be his writing—the signature of Johnson I also believe to be his writing.





SAMUEL COPPIN
. (police sergeant, P 15). I apprehended the prisoner on 7th Oct. at Copenhagen—I said to him, "Well, Mr. Robson, I have come to you with reference to this aflair at the Crystal Palace"—he said, "Yes, I know; I am very sorry; I have done wrong, and I must suffer the law"—I said, "Then are you willing to go back to London with me?"—he said yes, he should be glad to get back—I said, "Then we will prepare to go"—I then said, "Have you any money with you?" and I searched him—on our road home I told him I had been informed that he was 20,000l. deficient at the Palace—he said no, he did not think it was so much as that; he thought it was about 10,000l.; if he had his papers and his books he should be able to tell me—I told him no doubt Mr. Smith had got them, and he would get them when he got to London.





GEORGE FASSON
. re-examined.. I have no doubt that the numbers on this document, 145,052 to 145,101, are in the prisoner's handwriting.
(MR. GIFFARD. again submitted, that this document could not be read, being incomplete by reason of the attesting witness to the signature of Law not being called.
MR. JUSTICE ERLE. was qf opinion that there was nothing in the objection; the document was not tendered as a valid instrument, but as an invalid one, by reason of forgery, and that part of it which was attested by the prisoner was a part in respect of which the crime was alleged to be committed; the other part, for the purposes of the present trial, was entirely irrelevant.)
(The document being read purported to be a transfer from Henry Johnson to Joseph Low of fifty shares in the Crystal Palace Company.)

MR. GIFFARD. to
HENRY JOHNSON. Q. You say that nothing was said to you about taking shares in the Crystal Palace; just be careful in your recollection, and tell me whether something of this sort did not pass; do you remember the prisoner saying that he did not wish his own name to be placed on the Stock Exchange, and might he use yours? A. He never said that to me; nothing to that effect—I never said, "You may do what you like, I don't care"—he did not say that he objected to his name being used on the Stock Exchange, and might he use mine—nothing of the sort ever passed between us.

Q. I am not asking whether it was proposed to you to be a participator in the forgery or fraud, but whether he might take shares in your name? A. He never said that to me, nor anything to that effect—I clearly understand what you mean—he never said anything to me about objecting to his name appearing on the Stock Exchange—I am quite positive of it—I do not remember his having a conversation with me about the Stock Exchange at all—I am sure that no such conversation took place.
(MR. GIFFARD. submitted, that the document in question was an incomplete instrument, and therefore not a transfer, as alleged by the indictment.
MR. BODKIN. stated, that they had sent for die attesting witness; at the same time he



contended that such proof was unnecessary; in the case qf the forgery of a transfer of the stock in the Bank of England, the purchaser may not accept till long afterwards, yet that would be undoubtedly a forgery of a transfer.
MR. JUSTICE ERLE. observed, that in the ease of Bank Stock the transfer passed by the signature of the trantferror, but in a chartered company the transferee did not obtain any interest in the company until he had executed the deed, and obtained the registration of fa instrument.
MR. BODKIN. stated, that there were counts calling it a deed, and he submitted, that this being a deed under seal, was a perfect deed of Johnson's at the time he executed it, MR. GIFFARD. urged, that although it might be a deed as between the parties, yet it was in reality a deed of transfer; and in order to make it a deed of transfer, its execution, both by fa seller and purchaser, must be regularly proved.
MR. JUSTICE ERLE. was of opinion that fa objection was answered; it was clearly a deed, and he should also hold it to be a transfer.)

MR. GIFFARD. to
HENRY JOHNSON. Q. You had borrowed money to a very considerable extent from the prisoner, I believe? A. Yes; I do not remember seeing him in Lombard-street; I may have done so—I do not recollect seeing him there when something was said about the repayment of the money which I had borrowed—I cannot swear that it did not take place, but I have no recollection of it—I do sot recollect his speaking to me about selling shares to enable him to repay the money that he had borrowed, in order to lend to me—I will swear that nothing of that sort took place—I remember the last time on which the subject of my borrowing was mentioned—that was not in Lombard-street—I win swear that on that last occasion nothing was said about his not liking his name to appear on the Stock Exchange or on any occasion—I think I had borrowed about 700l. or 800l. of him—I have no recollection of seeing him at the telegraph office in Lombard-street; I am not aware that there is a telegraph office there—I remember a considerable sum of money being telegraphed down to Birmingham by myself—I do not recollect the exact date of that, I cannot say the date at all; I think it was in 1854—it was not the beginning of 1855—I do not speak with great certainty about the date of 1854; it certainly wag not in 1855—H was not in Dec. 1854—I telegraphed from London—I did did not telegraph any money—I sent a message to Birmingham to my clerk there respecting money for the payment of wages—I will swear that on that occasion nothing was said by the prisoner about not wishing his name to appear on the Stock Exchange—I am quite positive of it—I was not aware that the prisoner was going to transfer snares; nothing was said about shares—I will swear that—I was not aware that my name was registered as a shareholder, or that I was treated as a shareholder of the Crystal Palace I Company—I never heard of it until you mentioned it now—I was not aware that my name appeared on the register.

Q. Can you give me any idea what it was that passed between you and Robson on that occasion when you sent that telegraphic message? A. I asked him if he could borrow me 100l., which he did; he borrowed it.

COURT. Q. Where was it that you asked if he could lend you 100l.? A. At the telegraph office, I think; I will not be sure.

MR. GIFFARD. Q. At the telegraph office in Lombard-street? A. Not in Lombard-street, in Cornhill—when I asked him if he could do this, he said he would endeavour to obtain it—I do not recollect that I then went to No. 3, Adelaide-place, London-bridge—I cannot recollect where I went to—raay have gone to Adelaide-place, but I do not recollect; I cannot say which way I went—I got the money from the prisoner in Corahill, at the

telegraph office—he did not pull the money out of his pocket when I asked him for it; he went and got it and left me there—I have no letters or correspondence of his with me which would enable me to fix the date with certainty—I was certainly not aware of his being about to use my name on the Stock Exchange in lieu of his own.

MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Have you ever claimed any interest at all in any shares in the Crystal Palace Company? A. No; I am not aware that any intercut has ever been claimed on my behalf—the prisoner and I are brothers-in-law.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Twenty Years, to commence concurrently with tlie sentence upon the previous indictments.

(There were other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Common Serjeant and the Fourth Jury.

