



29. 




WILLIAM JOHNSON



, feloniously assaulting 



George Amor with intent to rob him.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.







GEORGE AMOR
. I am a packing-case maker, and live in Ring-street, Kingsland-road. On Friday, 31st Oct., between 11 and 12 o'clock at night, I was going home along Kingsland-road—a woman spoke to me, and wanted me to treat her with drink—I did not stop with her—she asked me to turn down one or two bye streets, which I refused—we got over the bridge to Dunstone-street—I turned down there, and she followed me, and wanted to pull me about, which I would not allow—I was instantly pulled by a person from behind, not knowing any one was near me, and pulled violently down on my back; and he placed his hand over my mouth the moment I was down—the woman kneeled on my knees, unbuttoned my coat, and tried to get my watch—I felt her try to draw it out of my fob, but I think my fob was twisted, and she could not get it—I struggled bard to get the man's hand from my mouth, which I succeeded in doing, and called "Police!" as loud as I possibly could—the man said to the woman, "Step it Emma, step it!" I caught hold of the woman's visite, thinking she had my watch—I held her so tightly that she left the whole visite in my hand—the woman got away—the man ran away as hard as he could—I jumped up and ran after the woman—the man held me for an instant or two, till the woman got away, and then he ran in the opposite direction—I jumped up and ran after the woman, and called "Police!" as loud as I could—while this was taking place, I bad not an opportunity of seeing the man—I could not see him at all, he was behind me—I saw the policeman take him, he could not escape, the policeman was coming down the turning—I had him in view the whole of the time from when he left me, till he was brought back—the distance was very short—I never lost sight of him from the time he jumped up—the prisoner is the man—I was sober—I had had part of two glasses of gin and water.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What time was this? A. little after 11 o'clock—I might have been in company with the woman a quarter of an hour—we walked half a mile together—I met her almost as soon at I entered into Kingsland-road—we walked together till we got to this place—this was a dark place—it was my direct way home—I did not stop with her—we did not walk arm in arm, but side by side—she wanted me to treat her, and to go down two or three turnings, which I would not do—I had not had an opportunity of seeing the man at all who pulled me down—I ran after the woman as soon as I saw that the man could not escape from the policeman—the man held roe for an instant, while the woman got a little distance—I had not seen the policeman before I got up—I heard footsteps running as I laid on the ground—I did not follow the man at all—I saw it was impossible for him to get away, and immediately I saw it was impossible for him to get away, I turned my back and ran after the woman—I followed the woman about fifty yards, and another policeman came that way, but she took a different direction to the man—I could not then discern whether the policeman that took the man was a policeman—I lost nothing—he either threw me on my hat, or kneeled on it himself, for when I picked it up it was all crumpled—when I struggled to get away, he scratched my face with his finger-nails—I carried the marks for a fortnight.

MR. PLATT. Q. When you saw the policeman coming towards the man, what distance was he off? A. About ten yards—he was coming towards the prisoner; and then I ran after the woman—it was all the work of two or three moments—I turned to go after the woman when I saw the man taken by the policeman—I actually saw him taken.

COURT. Q. Do you mean that he was not only so near that he could not escape, but that he was actually in the hands of the policeman? A. Yes, he was.






CHARLRS CARPENTER
 (policeman, N 477). On Friday, 31st Oct., I was on duty in Queen-street, Kingsland-road. I heard a scuffle at the rear of Acton-place, on the stones—I turned the corner, and saw the prisoner in a kneeling position, with his hand apparently on the prosecutor's face—I saw that before I got to them—the prisoner is the man—there was a woman there.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you lose sight of the prisoner at all? A. Not at all—I was twelve or fourteen yards from him when I first saw him—I saw the woman rise and run away.




GUILTY
. † Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

