




516. 




FRANK STEVENS, alias
 Simpson

, and 




CHARLES LAWRENCE, alias
 Johnson




, stealing 3 rings, value 10l.; the goods of 



John Mott Thearle, in his dwelling-house: Stevens having been before convicted.—2nd COUNT, charging Lawrence with receiving, &c.: to which


STEVENS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. SLEIGTH
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SHELFORD
. I am foreman to Mr. John Mott Thearle, of Fleet-street. On 29th April, about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner Stevens came to the shop, and asked to look at some articles of jewellery—he selected a gold pin, a gold guard, a gold signet ring, and a wedding ring—he said he wished them taken to his residence, in the Temple, and wrote down the name of "Cuffley, 3, King's Bench-walk"—he said he was going to get a check, or to get a check cashed, and the goods would be paid for if sent home in three quarters of an hour.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Was Stevens dressed as he now is? A. Yes; I thought he was a respectable young man—I sent the goods by a man named Roughton—he is not here—I saw him leave the shop with the goods—I took particular notice of the articles selected—that is not the same property that was stolen—I have seen one ring since—Stevens left the shop about three o'clock.

COURT. Q. The ring you saw afterwards was not one you had sold him? A. To the best of my belief, it was one I had shown him.





FRANK STEVENS
 (the prisoner). I have pleaded guilty to this charge—I have also gone by the name of Henry Simpson, which is my real name—I have been in prison before, and came out on 16th March—on 18th March I met Lawrence in King-street, Covent-garden—I bad seen him in Coldbathfields prison—he asked me what I had been doing since I left—I said I had done nothing; I had been at home with my aunt and sister—I had told him in prison what I had been charged with—he said I was a foolish fellow, and he could tell me things that would bring me more money, with less danger to myself—I had never seen him before but in the prison—he told me a public-house be used of an evening, and the hours he was at home at his own house; and, also, that he always bad 2l. or 3l. by him; and if I brought anything, he would buy it of me—he asked me to come to his house next morning, and go out with him—I went about half-past 10; and we have made appointments since that time, and, unless I have been too late for him, we have been out almost three days every week since, and always shared the same purse—on 29th April I met him about half-past 10, and was with him the remainder of the day, excepting at dinner and teatime—we passed the prosecutor's shop, in Fleet-street; and he told me to go in, as there was no one of any consequence there—I went into the shop, parting with Lawrence next door—I have heard the statement made by Shelford as to what took place in the shop, and I took three antique rings clandestinely—I came out, and joined Lawrence at the corner of Bell-yard—he pulled out his watch, and said, "What a long time you have been in there! I think it is an hour and a half; have you done

anything?"—I said, "Yes," and showed him the rings, with the prices on the tickets—he said, "Give me the rings; it will not do for you to have them about you, if they come after you, and destroy those," meaning the tickets—I went with him towards Carey-street; and when we got to the corner of Bell-yard and Carey-street, he said to me, "Walk on the other side of the way;" and I did so, and joined him at the other end of the street, and he had the rings in his possession till we got to his house, in Bridges-street—he then asked me if I would have any dinner, and I said, "No"—there was a person living with him, whom I was not very good friends with; and I took the three rings, went and had my dinner, and went back to him when I thought he would be ready—we then went out together, direct to Mr. Young's, in Princes-street, Soho—I took a ring into Mr. Young's, while Lawrence waited outside, and offered it for pledge—they offered me 2l. on it—I would not take it, and brought it out again—I then took it to another pawnbroker's. higher up, while Lawrence waited outside—I did not take what they offered, brought it out again, and went to several other places with it—about teatime we went towards Lawrence's house again—he asked me to have some tea—I said, no, I was going home—he asked me to give him the three rings, as he thought he knew a place in the City where he could sell them, and he would meet me at half-past 9—I then borrowed 5s. of him—I did not meet him at half-past 9; I did not go; but I met him after 12, at the Sheridan Knowles, and he then bad two of the rings, one on each little finger, the best one, and the one he was afterwards stopped with—these are them—these (produced) are two of the three I stole from Mr. Thearle's—I asked him for the other one, and I put it on, and wore it that night—I kept that one all night, and he kept the other two—he showed one of the rings to the conductor of the rooms, and said he had been offered 5l. for it—we were to have met next morning, at half-past 10—I did not go, and he came to my place at 11—he then had the two rings on—he said, "Give me the other one, and while you are dressing I will take them into the Waterloo-road; I think I can get rid of them"—I gave him the ring I bad, and when he came back I had it back again, and the other two—the one I had is not here—he came again after dinner, and said, "You may as well go back to Mr. Young's, and get the 2l. for the ring that was offered to you"—I went back to Young's, said I would take the 2l. that was offered for the ring yesterday, and the ticket was going to be written out, when Mr. Young himself came into the shop, and said, "Let me look at it," and said he could not give me more than 30s.—I said I would take it—Lawrence was waiting outside—I told him, and he said I was a fool for taking it—I had borrowed 10s. of him at the Sheridan Knowles, and I gave him 25s. of the 80s.—we then came back, and at the back of the Church Lawrence pointed out a gentleman, and said he had sold him a pair of spectacles, and most likely he would buy the rings—I did not know his name then, but I believe it is Hermann—Lawrence showed him two of the rings, and asked him if he would buy them—that was this one (pointing it out), and one which is not found—he looked at them, and said he was not exactly a judge of that sort of thing—Lawrence told him one had been pledged across the road for 30s., and asked him to go and look at it—he said, "No, not now," and told him he had removed from where he did live to 92, Great Russell-street—if it had not been for that, I should not have been able to bring him as a witness—we then parted from Mr. Hermann, and Lawrence said, "Come along this way; I want to get a scent bottle out of pledge I have got in for 30s., and I want to sell it"—we then both, but not together,

went into a pawnbroker's, between Golden-square and the West of England station, I did not notice the name of the street, he to get the scent bottle out of pledge, and me to offer the rings for pledge—it was getting towards tea-time, and we walked towards his house, in Russell-street, Co vent-garden—he said, "What are you going to do with the duplicate?"—that was for the ring pledged for 30s.—I said I did not know; I did not want it—he said it would not do for me to have it—I said he could have it, and tear it up, or do anything with it, and he took it—he then said, "You know what we have been offered for the other two rings; I tell you what I will do with you; I will give you half a sovereign, and I will take the other two rings: and if I can pledge them for more than a sovereign, I will divide the surplus"—I said, "Very well," took the half sovereign, and he had the two rings, one of these, and one that is not here—I did not see him again till I was in custody, next morning—I made a statement before the Magistrate.

Cross-examined. Q. How old are you? A. Twenty-three; I was in Cold bath-fields prison—that was not the first time; I had been there that time eighteen months for embezzlement—I then had three months from this Court—I was committed in Nov.; I came out in Feb., and on 17th June was tried, and received nine months sentence; that was for a robbery in a shop in Oxford-street—I have been in Westminster gaol two months; I believe that was for an unmade dress; and I bad three months for a case of combs and brushes—I have been four times in custody—I never was taken before a Magistrate and discharged—I always pleaded guilty; I believe they were all before a Judge and Jury—the first time I was committed was in March, 1849—I cannot tell you how many robberies I have committed—I was taken before the Magistrate on this charge, and found that Lawrence gave evidence against me; I saw him in the witness box—I knew he had given evidence against me before that, when I saw him in St. Martin's-lane, and he shook hands with me, while the policeman was in front of me—I could pretty well tell he had given evidence against me, by his being in the company of the policeman who took me—I did not then threaten that I would give evidence against him; I spoke the truth; I said he was as much in it as I was, and he ought to be in custody equally with me—I did not say at any time that I knew they could not do more than transport me for seven years—I did not say I would make out a worse case against him, and that before he got out he should be in his grave; I said I daresay the punishment he would receive would be as great as I should—I was about with him from 18th March almost every day—I did not frequent many public houses with him; he used to use Mason's house, and of an evening I went to the Sheridan Knowles—I believe Mr. Hermann is here—I went to Mr. Thearle's shop about half-past 12 o'clock—I cannot say how long I was there—Lawrence said I had been there an hour and a half—no other customers came in while I was there—I was generally with Lawrence from half past 10 till near 2, when he went to dinner, unless we happened to be a distance from home—I lived in the Waterloo-road with a person named Stevens, who is here—Jane Norton occupied one room there—I have only known her since I lived at the house—she was at the police-court—I believe she was in Court when Lawrence was examined.





JULIUS DAVID HERMANN
. I live at 92, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, and am out of business. I remember meeting Lawrence on 30th April near the comer of Gerrard-street and Princes-street—I believe there was some one with him—he said he had two rings (he knew I bought antiques), and

asked roe whether I would buy them; he asked 30s. for them—I just looked at them, and said they Were not in my line—I did not know Lawrence, but he reminded me that I was once with a friend, a foreign gentleman, in a dining room in King-street; Lawrence was there, and offered several articles in sale, and among them a pair of spectacles, which my friend bought of him for a guinea and a half—I then recollected I had seen him—I do not think I should recognise the rings he showed me if I were to see them (looking at the rings); I cannot say whether these were them—I have no doubt that Lawrence is the person I met.

Cross-examined. Q. How long before was it you had met him, when your friend bought the spectacles? A. A few months, perhaps—he said the rings were not his own, but pretended they belonged to some one, and said I might buy them cheap—I do not remember his saying he witched to sell them on commission—I understood him that be wanted 30s. for the two rings—I am sure he did not say 5l.





ALFRED GREEN
 (City-policeman, 376). On the afternoon of 3rd May I took Lawrence into custody, at his lodgings in Brydges-street, Covent-garden. I told him he was charged with Simpson with receiving the rings, knowing they were stolen—he made no reply—there was a cab at the door, and Lawrence's box was packed ready to go away; I found these three rings (produced) in his possession—they do not relate to this charge—I was present when Simpson made the statement to the Magistrate; he had previously made a statement to me.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Lawrence say these rings were his own? A. Yes; he said he bought them of dealers—I do not know that he deals in things of this sort—14, Bridges-street, where he lodged, is a night house and refreshment rooms—he said he had given a week's warning to leave, and I have made inquiries about that—he had no other articles of jewellery.

COURT. Q. Do you produce either of the rings to-day? A. No; I ascertained one of them was in pledge—I went to Young's, the pawnbroker, and it was through my information Lawrence was stopped with the ring previous to either of the prisoners being taken.





JOHN OAKLEY
. I am assistant to Mr. Young, pawnbroker, of 51, Princes-street, Leicester-square. I produce one of these rings—it was pawned at my employer's for 30s. on 30th April, I believe by the prisoner Stevens.

Cross-examined. Q. You believe it was Stevens? A. Yes; he had offered the ring the day before—I did not see any one with him that day; there was some one outside when he pledged it—I did not see that person.





JOHN POOL
. I am assistant to Mr. Garratt, pawnbroker, of 22, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. I have known Lawrence some time—on 1st May he brought one of these rings to me, and asked 15s. on it—I told him it was one of three which had been stolen—he said he knew the party he had it from, and he would go and fetch him—I detained the ring, and gave it to the policeman on duty—I could not stop Lawrence; I had no one in the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was it? A. About 11 o'clock; I knew him before—I believe he dealt in jewellery.

COURT. Q. What do you know about his dealing in jewellery? A. He has brought little trifling rings to pledge, but I have not served him for more than twelve months.






JOHN MOTT THEARLE
. I am a jeweller, at 198, Fleet-street. These rings are mine—I missed them on Friday morning, 30th April.





JANE NORTON
. I am single, and live at 17, Ann-street, Waterloo-road, in the same house as the prisoner Stevens lived. Lawrence was in the habit of calling there almost every morning—on 30th April he came about 11 o'clock—he had on two large cameo rings, one on each little finger, and also one in his hand—he said he was going into the Waterloo-road to put it away.


Cross-examined. Q. You noticed the sort of rings he had on his fingers? A. No, he was a distance off; I noticed one was a lady's bead, it was a white one—I am an unfortunate girl, and have a friend in Cheapside—I have known Stevens at this house about five weeks—it is not a house at which unfortunate girls stop; I am the only one there—it is a very respectable house—I heard Lawrence give evidence at the police court—Lawrence sometimes came about 10 o'clock, sometimes 11—he was there almost every day—he stayed about ten minutes—he used to come into my room sometimes—the landlady used to see him come—I do not think the other lodgers saw him—the landlady is not here.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. Look at those two rings, and tell me whether they are the rings Lawrence had when he came to see Stevens? A. This looks like one; I cannot say as to the other one.





JONATHAN WHICHER
 (policeman, A 27). I am a sergeant, of the detective force. On 1st May, about 12 o'clock, Lawrence came to Scotland-yard, and gave me some information which caused me to go to a pawnbroker's with sergeant Saunders and Lawrence to ascertain the truth of the statement—on the way there I met Stevens—he stopped to speak to Lawrence, I took him into custody, and Saunders took Lawrence—we took them to Bow-street, and I told Stevens I apprehended him on suspicion of stealing three rings from a shop in Fleet-street—he made no reply—I left Stevens at Bow-street, and went with Lawrence for the purpose of ascertaining at the Fleet-street station where the rings were stolen from; and when we were passing the prosecutor's shop, Lawrence said, "If you go in there, I think you will find that was the place the rings came from."

Cross-examined. Q. Lawrence came to you about 12 o'clock, on 1st May? A. Yes; he said he came direct from the pawnbroker's, and in consequence of what he said I went with him, and met Stevens accidentally in the street—I took him into custody from what Lawrence said—I had a previous knowledge of him.

COURT
to
JOHN POOL. Q. You say, when Lawrence brought the ring, you told him it was one of three which had been stolen; did you tell him where they had been stolen from? A. No, I did not know myself.





WILLIA, COX
 (policeman, F 98). I received this ring from Pool.

DODD (police inspector, F), I received this ring from Cox.

COURT
to
JULIUS DAVID HERMANN. Q. Do you remember what property Lawrence had when the spectacles were bought? A. A few articles of jewellery, antique cameo brooches—I thought he was a general Jew's traveller—it is perhaps two or three months ago.

LAWRENCE—



GUILTY
on 2nd Count
,—He was further charged with having been before convicted.






JOHN MURRELL
 (policeman, A 305). I produce a certificate—(read—"


Charles Johnson, convicted at Clerkenwell, March, 1851; confined six months")—I was present—Lawrence is the person.


GUILTY.**—Aged 65.—


Transported for Ten Years


