



747. 




MARGARET LANGHAM



, stealing 1 time piece, value 25s., the property of 



George King.






GEORGE KING
. I am a carpenter, and live at Plumstead. On 17th May, between 9 and 10 o'clock in the evening, I had a time piece—this is it—it was on the mantel piece in my front parlour—I went to bed, and in the morning I went out to work, and previous to my coming home to breakfast I received information, and went to the station house, between 8 and halfpast 8 o'clock—I there saw my time piece—the prisoner was there—I was told I had lost such a thing, and the prisoner was seen coming out of my house—this is my property.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. How long had you had it? A. About two months—I went out that morning about 10 minutes before 6 o'clock—I did not look into my parlour to see if the time piece was there—I left my nephew and his wife in the house, and my wife and children—I suppose I closed the door, and did not shut it—I was in a hurry to get to my employ, and as I was going home I met my neighbour at the gateswaiting for me.





NATHANIEL KEEBLE
. I am a gardener, and live next door to the last

witness. On Wednesday morning, 18th May, I came out of my house about 7 o'clock—I saw the prisoner coming out of the prosecutor's house—I had never seen her before—I am certain she is the woman—she went to the Sussex Arms, and I told her it was no use to rap at that door for an hour; there would be no one up—I went to a shop for a few things—I returned in twenty-five minutes, and found Mr. King's door open—it was open in the same manner as when the prisoner came out—I knocked at the door, and saw Mrs. King—I did not go into the parlour, or look in—I spoke to Mrs. King at the door, and in consequence of that I gave information to the constable.

Cross-examined, Q., Had you ever seen this woman before? A. No—the prosecutor's door and my door join—she was coming out of his doer as I came out of mine—she walked to the Sussex Arms, which is about thirty yards—I did not rap at Mr. King's door at that time; I did when I came back, about twenty-five minutes afterwards—I left the prisoner at the Sussex Arms when I went away.





HENRY TURNER
. I am the son of William Turner. I live about 100 yards from Mr. King's—I know his house very well—on the morning of 18th May the prisoner came to my father's shop about half past 7 o'clock—I did not know her name—she had a time piece in her hand, wrapped in an apron—I saw there was something—I could not see what it was—she said, "Let me leave this; I will call for it in a few minutes' time"—I said, "Put it down," and she put it down in one of my father's baskets—my father is a greengrocer—the basket stood on a box in the shop—the prisoner went away, and did not come back—soon afterwards a constable came, and had the parcel the prisoner had left—my father was there, and he took it up out of the basket—I saw the parcel undone—this timepiece was in it.

Cross-examined, Q. Had you ever seen this woman before? A. Yes, she used to come to the shop and buy things—I did not know her name she used to come very often—I knew where she lived, at No. 30, Archer-street—I did not see her again till I went to the police station—I did not tell anybody who had left the parcel till I got to the station—the prisoner has a sister—I do not know her name—both of them used to come to the shop—they are not much alike.





CHARLES WOOD
 (policeman, R 333). On 8th May, in consequence of information, I went to Mr. Turner's shop, and got this time piece—it was wrapped up in an apron, and was in a basket—I went and apprehended the prisoner at the Sussex Arms, at the corner of Plumstead-road—I told her what she was charged with—she said she knew nothing about it.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is the Sussex Arms from the prosecutor's? A. About twenty yards—I saw Keeble before I went to the Sussex Arms, and received from him a description of the person.
(The prisoner was also charged with having been before convicted,)





SAMUEL WATTS
. I produce a certificate of he prisoner's former conviction—read—(Convicted at this Court, 1852, of stealing a cravat, having been before convicted—Confined three months)—I was at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.—Aged 25. 


Transported for Seven Years
,
