



145. 



DANIEL CONNELL



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



George Baker, and stealing 1 shawl and 6l. 1s. 2d. in money; his property.


MR. CARTER. conducted the Prosecution.






SUSAN BAKER
. I am the wife of George Baker, and live at No. 1, Greville-street, Hatton-garden. On the night of 29th Nov. I went to bed from half past 12 to 1 o'clock—I saw the house secured by the shopwoman in my presence—I saw both the parlour shutters fastened—they are outside shutters, and are bolted from within by opening the window—I was awoke about 3 o'clock by the police knocking at the door—I dressed myself, and went down and found the police standing in the passage—I found the parlour shutters broken; the iron work was broken; a skylight in the washhouse was broken, that had been sound the night before—the parlour cupboard had been broken open, and a great many paper packets of copper money taken, as well as some loose in a bag, and some in a tin—I do not know the exact quantity—I had Been it safe the previous evening.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Was there 17s. worth of copper? A. Much more than that—our shop is at the corner of Greville-street in Hatton-garden—Beauchamp-street I think is the next street to ours—our shop fronts into Leather-lane.





GEORGE BAKER
. I was in the country at the time of the robbery—I went on the Monday before; before going I had tied up a quantity of copper money, in packets of 5s. each—I placed them in the parlour cupboard, and locked it—I tied up the packets myself, and observed the manner in which it was done.

Cross-examined. Q. How many packets of copper money has the officer shown you since? A. I cannot say; I have seen five or six—I swore to three by the colour of the paper, and the tying up—at was light blue paper—the other packages were in brown paper—I swore to the three packages by the paper, not from the tying.

MR. CARTER. Q. In what coloured paper did you tie yours up? A. Some in light blue paper, and some in brown paper—I left some of each kind in the cupboard—the light blue packages I tied in double paper as it was thin.





JAMES HEWSON
. (police sergeant, G 5). On the morning of 30th Nov., about 3 o'clock, I was on duty in the neighbourhood of Hatton-garden, and when opposite No. 1, Greville-street, I heard a noise, inside the house, of the rattling

of money—not knowing whether any one was about in the house, or what it might be, I knocked at the door, rather gently at first—I received no answer—I knocked several times, and after several minutes two journeymen bakers, who were at work in the house, came down stain and opened the door, and said there were thieves in the house—it is a baker's shop—I went in and examined the premises—I found there had been thieves there, and that they had escaped by the skylight in the back kitchen, which was broken sufficient for a man to get out—it leads out on to the leads in the back yard, and to the back yard of No. 11, Beauchamp-street—I went out into Leather-lane, and placed several constables round the premises—I then returned to the prosecutor's house, and in the back kitchen found a bag in a hat, containing a quantity of copper money—another hat was hanging in the broken glass of the skylight—the socket that holds the bolt of the back door was broken, and the window bolt was taken off and placed against the table—they appeared to have broken in by the parlour window.

Cross-examined. Q. Beauchamp-street runs out of Leather-lane, does it not? A. Yes, and also Greville-street—it runs from Leather-lane to Brook-street—Mr. Baker's shop is at the corner of Greville-street and Leather-lane—the back of No. 1, Greville-street is not exactly at the back of No. 11, Beauchamp-street, but it is easily to be communicated with—they are eight or ten yards apart.

MR. CARTER. Q. Would a person going out of the prosecutor's skylight come to the back of No. 11, Beauchamp-street 1 A. Yes, by just passing along a very low wall—it is very seldom that the back doors of those houses are fastened—if they got in at the back door they could easily get from the passage into the street—it is a very low neighbourhood—the front doors are frequently open; there are several families living in one house—these (produced) are the hats I found, and this is the bag and money—there is about 24s. in loose copper money.





WILLIAM WHITOOMB
. (policeman, G 247). I was on duty in the neighbourhood of Hatton-garden on the morning of 30th Nov.—I was passing through Beauchamp-street a little after 3 o'clock, and saw the prisoner and another man standing in the passage of No. 11—the front door was open—the prisoner was rubbing his eyes, and he said that the sound of the rattle had woke them out of their sleep—I had not known him before—I know now where he lives, No. 1, Plough-court, Holborn-hill—he does not live at No. 11, Beauchamp-street, it is a marine store dealer's—I was not at that time aware that a burglary had been committed, and I did not interfere with them—shortly after I heard of it, I went back again to the passage of No. 11, and there found two coats—the prisoner and the other man had no coats or hats on when I saw them—the coats were in the passage just where they had been standing—the breast pocket of one of the coats was full of copper money, loose, not tied up in anything—the men were gone when I returned to the passage—I had left the prisoner there—the other one Walked close by me as far as Leather-lane without his coat or hat.

Cross-examined. Q. Between the time of your seeing the prisoner in the passage and your going away and coming back again, what time elapsed 9 A. It might be four or five minutes, or not quite so much; from three to five minutes—the other man went with me down Beauchamp-street without his coat and hat, to inquire what was the matter—he went down as far as Leather-lane, and I saw no more of him—I left him at the corner of Beauchamp-street and Leather-lane—I did not mention that before, because I was not asked the question—I was examined before the Magistrate—I had

before that mentioned to my brother officers about the man walking with me down Beauchamp-street—I was ordered to go back to No. 11, Beauchamp-street to look for the persons I had seen there.

MR. CARTER. Q. I suppose you related to the other officers what you had seen at this place, and were sent back to it again 1 A. To see that nobody came out of any of the doors—I left the man at the corner of Greville-street, and ran down to No. 1, where the burglary was committed—the man had left me before I got there.





MICHAEL HAMMOND
. (City policeman, 223). I received information of this burglary on the morning of 30th Nov.—I apprehended the prisoner about 20 minutes past 4 o'clock that morning in Plough-court, Holborn-hill; he had a latch key in his hand, and was in the act of going to open the door of No. 1, Plough-court—I took him to the station, and asked him where he had been this last hour—he said he had been to a coffee shop in Holborn-bars, kept by a person named Williamson, I think—I took him to that house, and questioned the landlord in his presence, and he said he was not there that night that he had seen—the prisoner made no reply—I knew the prisoner before—I had seen him about 1 o'clock that same night, in company with two others, at the bottom of Holburin-hill, coming out of Victoria-street—I observed his dress at that time, he had on a black hat and a frock coat—when I arrested him he had on the coat he has now—I am sure it was not the same coat that he had on at 1 o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. When you say you saw him at 1 o'clock, nothing particular had occurred to call your attention to him? A. A policeman drove the three out of Victoria-street, that was what caused me to notice him—the two coats found in the passage of No. 11, Beauchamp-street were shown to me at the station—I remembered having seen him at 1 o'clock—before that, when I arrested him, I asked him where he got the coat that he had on him, and I said, "You had a frock coat and hat on."





JOHN LODGE
. (policeman, G 144). I searched the prisoner at the station—I found on him seven packages of halfpence, which I produce—they were round his breast, inside his shirt; the waistband of his trowsers prevented their falling—I also found 17s. 10 1/2 d. and three halfpence in copper in his trowsers pocket, and two sixpences in silver, a street door key, a latch key, a skeleton key, and some matches—the street door key was the key he was about entering the house with in Plough-court—the door was bolted—I knew the prisoner before; I had seen him at 1 o'clock that morning, and turned him round in the direction of the City, he was at the end of Victoria-street—he then had on a frock coat and a hat—I believe one of the coats found at No. 11, Beauchamp-street to be the prisoner's; it is a similar coat to that which I have seen him repeatedly wear.

Cross-examined. Q. And a similar coat to many dozens, I suppose? A. Exactly; but it is rather shorter than frock coats are generally worn, with a fashionable sleeve—a pair of gloves was found in the pocket, which I had seen on the prisoner three weeks previously—they are very similar gloves—the sergeant found them.





JAMES HEWSON
. re-examined. I produce the gloves—they were found in one of the coats—they are in the same state as they were found.





JOHN LODGE
. re-examined. This is not the first time I have said anything about the gloves—they were mentioned at the police court, but it was not taken down.





GEORGE BAKER
. re-examined. I find among these packages three in the blue paper I spoke of—I am sure they are what I made up—I can sweajr

to them—I have brought some paper with me of a similar description; there are two sorts, one rather darker—I can swear to the others now I see them open, by the paper inside—there are bits of newspaper inside; I put some in as the paper was rather thin—I cannot say whether I put them in all the brown packages.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose that is a very common way of packing up copper, is it not? A. I cannot say, I have not seen others do it—these seven packets were all I had at the time the loose money was taken while I was away—I think I left about 31. in packets, but I cannot say exactly.





SUSAN BAKER
. re-examined. I put the loose copper I had taken in the week into the cupboard, some in a bag, and some in a tin—I should think there was 4l. or 5l. worth of loose copper.




GUILTY
.

The prisoner was farther charged with having been before convicted.






THOMAS SAUNDERS
. (City policeman). I produce a certificate—(This certifed the Conviction of Daniel Connell at this Court in May, 1851, of burglary, and that he was sentenced to seven years transportation)—the prisoner is the person—I had him in custody on that occasion.


GUILTY.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

(Sergeant Hewson stated that the prisoner had been released on a ticket of leave, which had been revoked, and afterwards granted again; but thai he had since been back to his old associates.)
