



1577. 




GEORGE THOMAS
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 cash-box, 110l. and 15l. Bank-notes, 40 sovereigns, and other moneys; the property of 



Anton Scherzinger, in his dwelling-house.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ANTON SCHERZINGER
. I keep the Horse and Trumpeter, in Crutched-friars, in the parish of St. Olave, Hart-street. I know the prisoner—I had seen him at my house eight or nine times before 22nd July—he always remained on the bench facing the bar-parlour, and the same man always came with him—from the bench where he sat, he could see into the bar-parlour—I

was in the habit of keeping my money in a cash-box in a cheffonier there—I was frequently in the habit of going to the cash-box in the course of the day—I put some money in at ten minutes past two o'clock that day—the prisoner must have seen me on several occasions go to that cash-box—on 22nd July the prisoner came in, and one companion; but it was a stranger, not the same man who was with him before—they went into the parlour—two other persons followed them directly, and they stopped at the bar—one of those two men was the same man who had always been in the house with the prisoner—the prisoner and his companion wanted some Stilton cheese; I said I had got none, I would send the girl to fetch some—I did so—the prisoner said to his companion, "You promised your friend to meet him, you bad better write a note;" and the prisoner's companion walked to the bar, and asked for paper and pen and ink, which I gave him—my brother and me were serving at the bar—he wrote the note on the bar—the other two men who came in after them, were there all the time—the prisoner's companion then said to my brother, "Will you go with this letter?"—the parlour-door was open, but I do not think the prisoner in the parlour could hear what his companion said about the note—I said to my brother, "You cannot find the way, I will take the note"—I went with it, and gave it to a man—I was not away above five minutes—when I got to the Minories, I thought by the men's ways that there was something wrong, and I returned home—the two who had been there, were then gone, and the one who had written the note was just coming out of the parlour—I rang the bell violently—the prisoner was coming out; he was stopped, the policeman came, and he was taken—I found the cheffonier-door was open; it had been broken open with a chisel; and the cash-box was gone—I had seen the money safe at half-past two, and from that time till I went with the letter no one else was there—there was in the cash-box a 10l.-note, a 5l.-note, 40l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns, and some silver.

Cross-examined by
MR. CH ARNOCK. Q. There is a bar and a bar-parlour? A. Yes; the bar-parlour is behind the bar—the cheffonier is in the bar-parlour, which is a separate and distinct room—there is one door which goes into the bar, and one which goes into the passage which goes through the house into the street—the public parlour is farther down, behind the bar-parlour—I was gone out five minutes—I left my brother there—my wife was up-stairs—the prisoner was in the public parlour nearly three-quarters of an hour—I took the note to a Mr. Jackson—the prisoner told the other man to write it, and he did—when I came back, the prisoner was in the passage, coming out of the parlour—we all stopped him—he wanted to go—I did not hear him ask what was the matter, I was too confnsed—it is my dwelling-house.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. At the time that the man who wrote the letter went, did you know you had lost your property? A. No.





ELIZABETH SCHERZINGER
. I am the wife of the prosecutor. I had frequently seen the prisoner at my house for eight or ten days before 22nd July—he always had another man with him, always the same man—I did not see that man on 22nd July, I was up-stairs—when the prisoner came on other occasions, he always called for ale; and on 19th July he wanted some cheese; I told him I bad none—he turned to his companion, and said it was a pity, for if they smelt of ale before dinner, it would be a bad example to the young clerks—the other man said it would—the prisoner turned again, and asked if I had not got a small piece—I said I had not—he knew that I was alone—on 22nd July I was up-stairs, dressing—I heard the bell ring; I came

down, and I and my brother-in-law detained the prisoner—he wanted to go out; he said to me, "My good woman, let me go, I will do anything"—I said, "You shall not go till an officer comes;" and I held him—I had been to the cash-box between half-past three o'clock and a quarter before four—the money was quite safe then—I locked the cheffonier, and had the key in my pocket; and I had it in my pocket when I came down—I went up to dress at five minutes to four—I can say that from the time I went to the cash-box till five minutes to four, nobody could have gone to the cash-box.

Cross-examined. Q. When you came down, you told the prisoner you had been robbed, and you should detain him? A. Yes; he said he came to know what was the matter, and he would assist in the pursuit of the others—I did not see him in the parlour—I saw him in the passage—he was not there when I went up-stairs, at five minutes to four o'clock—when I came down, at half-past four, he was in the act of leaving.





JOB ELLIOTT
. I reside in the Minories. On 22nd July, I went to the Horse and Trumpeter, a little before 4 o'clock in the afternoon—the prisoner came in, and with him a tall man, with mustachios—they called for a pint of ale—the prisoner poured it out, and they drank it, and chatted together, and the tall man said, "By-the-bye, I have got an appointment with Johnson," or "Jackson"—the prisoner said, "It is too late now; you can write him a note"—they then called for another pint of ale, and the tall man wanted some Stilton cheese—some cheese was brought, and the tall man found fault with it, and said it was not Stilton—the landlord said it was—there was some contention; and I said, "You cannot expect to have Stilton cheese at a house of this description"—the tall man kept continually going in and out—there was a conversation about smoking—the tall man said he often wished he could smoke a pipe—he then rang, and ordered a cigar—the waiter brought it him, and just as he was leaving, the tall man said, "I will go and choose one myself—that was after he had gone to write the letter—there was nothing else called for after that—I should say about three pints of ale had been called for at separate times—the prisoner and his companion appeared to know each other; they drank together, and chatted together—after the tall man went to get the cigar, he came in and lighted it, and took two or three whiffs—the landlord then came in, in a great agitation, and said, "Come, come!"—I left the prisoner in the parlour, and went and took hold of the landlord, and said, "What is the matter?"—I saw the prisoner again in about two minutes; I stopped him in going out—he said, "What is the matter?"—I said, "You know what is the matter"—he was given into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he make any effort to get away? A. No; it was useless—I use that house—I was there twenty minutes or half an hour—I was there perhaps five minutes before the prisoner came in—after he came in, he did not go out of the parlour at all—he smoked—I remained in the parlour all the time, and the prisoner never left it.





THOMAS OUTRET
. I was in that parlour—I have heard Mr. Elliott give his evidence; it is true—I saw the prisoner and his companion pay; the one 2 1/2 d., and the other 1 1/2 d., making 4d. for a pint of bitter ale—I heard one pint called for, and they were drinking one pint when I went in—they appeared perfectly intimate.





ALEXANDER SCHERZINGER
. I am the prosecutor's brother. On the afternoon of 22nd July, I was in the bar—I saw the prisoner and others come in—I recollect the man with the moustachios giving me a note, which was taken by my brother, and I was left alone in the bar—when my brother left, I saw the two other men, who had come in immediately after the prisoner and his

companion, standing at the bar—I had taken one pint of bitter ale to the prisoner and his companion into the parlour—the bitter ale is kept in the cellar, and I went down to get it—I fetched two pints; the first and the last—when I fetched the first, my brother was there—when I fetched the last, he was gone to the Minories—the other two men were outside the bar—I took the ale in the parlour—the prisoner and his companion paid me—when I came out of the parlour, the two men who had been in front of the bar were gone, and the other one went directly after that—I once into the parlour to take the bitter ale after my brother was gone—I took cigars in twice.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you take Mr. Outret bitter ale? A. No; beer—bitter ale is not an uncommon thing for us to sell—I took some pipes to Mr. Elliott.





HENRY WARDELL
 (City-policeman, 578). On 22nd July, about half-past 4 o'clock, I went to the Horse and Trumpeter—I found the prisoner in the passage—I told him I took him on suspicion; a robbery having been committed in the house—he said he knew nothing about it, and he told the landlord he would assist in pursuing the others—when I took him, he had got this watch-guard round his neck, and as I took him to the station, he took it off his neck, and put it in his pocket—I found on him one half-crown, and some other money—he made no resistance.
(The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was here read—"I went into the house and called for a glass of ale; there had generally been one person with me before; I had been in there four or five times previously, coming from the Docks; on the day in question, there was no person with me when I went into the house; there was a tall man at the bar who said, "How do you do?" and he asked me to go in the parlour and have a glass of ale; I thought he was a customer of—the house; he spoke very familiarly to me, as if he knew me; we had some ale, and then he left; I never left the parlour till the landlord came back and said he had been robbed; I know nothing about it.")




GUILTY
. † Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

