



362. 




LEWIS JOEL
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging a bill of Exchange for the payment of 1000l., with intent to defraud 



John Marcus Clements. 2nd COUNT, for uttering the said bill with a like intent. Other COUNTS, for forging and uttering an acceptance to the said bill with a like intent; and other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Henry Laurence Forest.



MESSRS. CLARKSON, BODKIN
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM CLARK
. I am clerk to Mr. Justice Coleridge. I produce an affidavit made by the prisoner—I swore him upon it—this is his signature—it was filed at the Judge's chambers upon an application to be bailed—(This was dated 19th Dec., 1849, and stated that the acceptance to the bill in question was given by Mr. Clements to the prisoner in blank, while he was a minor, to be completed in August, 1847, when he would be of age, in liquidation of his, the prisoner's, demand against him for 1700l.)





CHARLES MILLER
. I am an usher of this Court. I swore the prisoner to this affidavit on Wednesday last; he signed it in my presence—(This was an affidavit made jointly by the prisoner and Mr. Jones, his attorney, dated Jan. 9, 1850, applying for the postponement of the trial until to-day, (Friday,) to afford an opportunity of subpoenaing witnesses from Dublin to prove the acceptance in question to be in Mr. Clement's handwriting, which acceptance the affidavit stated was written by him in Dublin.






JOHN MARCUS CLEMENTS
. I am twenty-three years of age. I was twenty-one on 27th July, 1847; at that time, and for some time before, I was a lieutenant in the 13th regiment of Light Dragoons—I was entitled to landed

property in Ireland on ray arrival at my majority—during my minority I had several money transactions with the prisoner, who at that time, I believe, had a place of business in Dublin—I think I first commenced transactions with him in Dec, 1846, or Jan., 1847; but my impression is that it was in Jan., 1847—he used to come to my rooms in barracks—he brought pictures, musical-boxes and jewellery, and lent money upon bills—when I was approaching my majority, I made a communication on the subject of my affairs to Mr. Pullman—I think that was in April, 1847—it was also communicated to my guardians, one of whom was Mr. Murdock, a partner in the banking-house of Bouverie and Co., of London—after that communication, I placed my affairs in the hands of Mr. Pullman and my guardians—I gave Mr. Pullman authority to arrange any claims that the prisoner had on me—I first consulted Mr. Pullman, I think, towards the end of April, and at the latter end of June, I think it was, the whole of these matters were placed in his hands—in consequence of information I received on 21st Nov. last, I went to the office of Messrs. Davies, Son, and Campbell, of Warwick-street, London, where this bill for 1,000l. (produced)was shown to me—I had never seen it before—the acceptance is not my handwriting—it was not written with my authority, or with my knowledge in any way—I never accepted a bill for 1000l. in my life—I have never accepted any bill since I became of age—I never accepted a bill in blank.

Q. Did you, in the month of July, 1847, make an arrangement with the prisoner, the terms of which were, that if he would abstain from legal proceedings against you in Dublin, you would give him your blank acceptance on a stamp large enough to cover the sum of 1000l., and he might fill it up as a bill of exchange for 1000l. in the month of Aug., when you would become of age? A. No, I did not—no such arrangement or proposal was the subject of conversation between us on any occasion whatever—my affairs at that time were in the hands of Mr. Pullman—I was not aware before Dec. last that proceedings were being taken to recover this bill as against me—I knew before that the bill was in existence—I first learnt that in Aug., at the time the assizes were held at Croydon—I learnt it from Mr. Pullman—I authorised Mr. Pullman to take such proceedings on that occasion as he might think advisable—I never tried to evade any process supposed to be issued against me for the recovery of this 1000l.-bill.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. At what age did you enter the army? A. Seventeen; I had 300l. a year then, besides my pay—my allowance was increased to 400l. a year; I cannot quite call to mind when; I rather think for the last two years that I was in the army I had it, but I cannot speak positively—I do not remember whether it was for two years or one year; I should say it was not for three years; my impression is it was for two—it was paid from the Court of Chancery, through Messrs. Bouverie and Co.—I drew on Bouverie and Co. for the amount of the allowance—I was first a cornet, for about three years—my pay as a cornet was a little over 100l. a year, I cannot say exactly; I think it was somewhere about 8s. a day, but I cannot say—the agents of the regiment in England were Messrs. Cox and Co., of Craig's-court—I first served in England—the regiment went to Ireland in 1845—I was four years in the army—Armit and Buroughs, of Dublin, were the Irish agents, we drew our pay through them—my pay as a lieutenant was an increase of 1s. a day upon the cornet's pay, somewhere about 120l. a year, I think; I cannot state positively—I never took the trouble to ascertain the amount of my pay per annum—I used to draw on the agents when my pay was out—the last year I was in the army my income

amounted to a little over 500l.—I purchased the cornetcy and the lieutenancy—840l. was the price of the cornetcy, and for the lieutenancy I think the difference I had to pay was 1200l., but I will not be perfectly certain about that—the amount was paid by my friends; the money did not pass through my hands—I had no declaration to sign as to the amount paid; I do not remember signing any paper—the money was lodged, and I was gazetted—I certainly signed no paper declaring that I had not paid more than the regulation price; I was not asked to do it—I first communicated with Mr.Pullman in April, 1847—he did not, I think, immediately go over to my guardians—Mr. Pullman was then in Dublin, he is a barrister; he did not come to Dublin to see me—he was there as the friend of Mr. Denny, a brother officer in the regiment—that was the way I made his acquaintance—I do not know that he was there to arrange Mr. Denny's affairs—I met him as a private friend—I never heard that he was there to arrange Mr. Denny' affairs; Mr. Pullman did not tell me so—he was introduced to me by Mr. Denny—to the best of my belief, it was about the latter end of April that I communicated with Mr. Pullman—I cannot tell how much money I owed at that time; I did know then; I cannot tell you now; I should say 5000l. would have covered it; I cannot speak within 1000l.; I am certain 6000l. would have covered my debts—I put that as the outside—I had not borrowed much money—I scarcely know what you call much—I did not get much money—it is difficult at this distance of time to say how much I got—we endeavoured to ascertain how much I had had when I put my affairs into the hands of Mr. Pullman and my guardians; we could not do it precisely—I should very much doubt if I had 1000l. in cash; my belief is I had not more—my debts consisted of about 3000l. worth of bills, and I certainly put down the remaining 3000l. as the very outside of what my tradesmen's bills would come to; that was for goods supplied; my friends and I in conjunction got in every account we could from every person who claimed any debt against me—it is out of the other 3000l. in bills that I say I had not more than 1000l. in cash—I had four bill crediton when I came of age; Mr. Joel, Mr. Harris, Mr. Rubenstein, and Mr. Marcus—Harris is a person that follows the same trade as Mr. Joel, I believe; he lends money, and sells jewellery—I am not aware that he is a jeweller; he goes about with cases of jewellery in his pocket to the officers' rooms—he has rooms in Dublin—I have frequently seen him at the barracks—a Mr. Waterhouse was a creditor of mine, he is a jeweller—he has not lent me money—he has sold me jewellery—I am not aware that he has any acceptance of mine—he had a check which I gave him, and which I paid—I do not remember ever giving him a bill—I will not, at this distance of time (upwards of two years), swear it, but it is my belief that I did not, or a promissory note—I have owed him as much as 125l.—my firm impression it that I neither gave him a bill or a promissory note—the lapse of time makes it just possible that it might escape my memory—I do not think it is very likely that I could have given him a promissory note for 113l. 10s., and have forgotten it; it is barely possible; I do not think I ever did; I will not swear it—I believe I did not give it him in payment for articles of jewellery purchased from him on 26th May, 1847; I will not swear it—I believe I gave him a check which was paid—Harris had bills of mine—I have no recollection when I gave them to him.

Q. Can you tell me how you paid Harris? A. Harris got a verdict against me in a court of justice in Ireland—he has been paid the amount of the verdict which he got—my impression is that he was paid about 300l. or something under 400l., that is since I was of age—I heard that Harris

had sued me on certain bills of exchange—(MR. CLARKSON
objected to the witness stating what he had heard from other parties.
MR. CHAMBERS
contended that the conduct of the witness, upon hearing what was communicated to him, was legitimate evidence to enable the Jury to judge of his credit and accuracy, and upon that ground the
COURT
allowed the inquiry to be pursued)—I did not do anything on hearing that an action was brought against me—it was in the hands of my friends—I did not go to look at the bills, I never saw them—I said that two of them were forgeries, and so I say now—I have never seen those two—Mr. Franks, of Dublin, was my guardian's attorney in that action—I was in Dublin at the time, and heard the verdict was given against me—will you allow me to explain? I said there were two bills that were forgeries—there were three that were forgeries—I cannot tell the amount of those bills—no doubt it was told me then—it was considerably more than 100l.—I should guess it was somewhere about 400l.—I mean the forged ones—the total amount was, I think, about 840l., on which Harris brought the action—I was informed of the total amount upon which Harris sued me—I understood that he first of all made a demand of 1,100l. and odd, but I was told by my friends that he brought the action for about 840l.—I have no doubt I was told at the time upon how many bills the action was brought—I cannot recollect, but my impression is, it was on about five bills—I was told how many of those bills appeared to be dated before my majority—there two dated after—how many were dated before, I cannot precisely say—I was told at the time—I have now forgotten, but my impression is about three—two out of those three were forged—I believe those two amounted to a little above 300l.—I cannot swear as to the sum—I knew I was not liable on the bills accepted during my minority—I know that minority was the defence made as to a portion of those bills—there was, of course, the defence of forgery upon the other three—there was the double defence of forgery and minority to one—I do not know what has become of the two bills that were alleged to have been accepted after my majority—I have never had an opportunity of seeing those three bills that I stated were forgeries—I never endeavoured to see them—I endeavoured to get them impounded; my friends did—I was not present; by my friends I mean Mr. Pullman, Mr. Murdock, and Mr. Markcomb, my guardians.

Q. You have stated, to the best of your belief, that you did not, on 26th May, 1847, give a promissory-note to Mr. Waterhouse, for 113l. 10s.; to refresh your memory, look at that(handing a paper to the witness)? A. Very well, Sir; I said, to the best of my belief—this appears like my writing; I believe it is—all I can say is, that I suppose I did not give Mr. Waterhouse a check—I know I gave him some money—it must have been this instead of a check—my impression was that I gave him a check—I suppose I owed Mr. Waterhouse 113l. 10s. on 26th May, 1847, or I should not have paid it him—I suppose this note is proof of it—I know that about that time I bought a diamond of him, which I paid him for, and I fancy I gave him a check, but it was this note—this has been paid, I suppose—I should say if I owed him 113l. 10s. my friends have paid it—my affairs have been so much in the hands of my friends—I will swear this: that in the spring of that year I owed Mr. Waterhouse 100l., or it might have been 110l. or 113l., and I paid him—I fancy with a check, it might have been this bill, but I know the document I gave him was paid—I believe the money was lodged at Armit and Buroughs, and it was paid when it became due—I do not say it was that document—I believe the paper I gave Mr. Waterhouse was paid—I do not believe I owe him that sum now—this may have been the document I gave

him—I will not undertake to swear that it was or was not—(this paper was numbered: 1)—I believe this to be my handwriting, the whole of it—I do not mean the whole that is written on that paper—I mean the bill is my writing—of course these signatures and other notations upon it are not mine, but "three months after date, I promise to pay," all that is in my handwriting—the body of the paper is mine—I gave Mr. Waterhouse the paper in his shop—whether it was a check, or bill, I cannot say—my belief is that this is the paper, but I cannot swear it—I presume it is the paper, it is about the sun—I will not swear whether I gave him a promissory-note or a check.

Q. When did you actually sell your commission? A. I was gazetted out in Aug. I think, but when I do not quite know—Mr. Gold purchased my commission—I believe the money was lodged at Cox and Greenwood's previous to my selling out—I have no means of knowing that myself—those things were so much in the hands of my friends, most likely they lodged the money—I had nothing to do personally with Cox and Greenwood from the time the regiment went to Ireland—I drew one bill upon them—I did not know whether Mr. Gold would lodge the money at my private banker's or at Cox's—I knew he would lodge it in London—I did not know where the money had been lodged to purchase my own lieutenancy; I had nothing to do with it; I never inquired—I wrote to my friends to lodge the money—I believe it was lodged at Cox and Greenwood's—I left Dublin on 14th July, 1847—Mr. Pullman came down to Kingstown and saw me off—I came straight to London, and remained in London from 15th July till toward the middle or end of Aug.—my impression is I then went to Windsor—I must have been there upwards of a month or five weeks—that was after I bad left the army—I staid with my guardian, Mr. Markcomb, a canon of Windsor—after that I went into Yorkshire to visit an uncle—I think I was there six weeks—I then went to visit Mr. Markcomb again at his rectory at Great Halkesley, near Colchester, and was between there and London until Dec.—when I used to come to London I staid with Mr. Pullman at Shore House, Hackney—I went to Spain after that—I think I started for Spain towards the latter end of Dec.—I came back I believe in Aug., 1848, to London, and in Sept. I paid a visit to my estate in Ireland, and came back again to England, and was either at London or Great Halkesley—I was backwards and forwards between those places—I should say I was in London as much as a week together with Mr. Pullman—I was at an hotel the first two or three days—I must have been in Ireland about ten days—I went straight through Dublin up to County Leitrim to my estates—the greater part of, in fact I may say all, the winter of 1848, I was going backwards and forwards between Mr. Pullman's and Great Halkesley, stopping a week, ten days, or a fortnight at either place—I was visiting between those places until the spring of 1849, when I staid with Mr. Murdock, my guardian, some little time—I had a lodging near his house up to about May, but I was going about chiefly between Mr. Pullman's and Mr. Markcomb's—I forgot to mention that I was in Ireland when Harris brought the action—that must have been in Nov., 1848, and I went to visit a cousin of mine in the county of Cavan—I stayed there some time, and came away about the middle of Jan., 1849, I think, and from then until May I was visiting between Mr. Pullman and my guardian's—in May I took a lodging at 17, Pall Mall—that has been my lodging ever since—I visited Mr. Pullman when I came to town up to May, and communicated with him about my affairs—I know that they have remained unsettled up to the present day, and I know why—I do not know of any other claims than Joel's being left unsettled in the spring of this

year—my affairs remained unsettled up to the spring of 1849, because we could never get a proper account from Joel and others—Joel sent in accounts which I had the means of checking, and I knew they were not correct—Mr. Marcus's account is still unsettled—he holds one bill of mine for 100l.—I am not aware that any tradesman's bill was left unpaid from that period—I know a person named Meyer, of Kilkenny—I have no account of his—I do not know that I owe him anything—my friends managed it—I never saw Meyer—I know there was an arrangement with him—I do not owe him 200l.—the circumstances were these: Mr. Meyer backed a bill for me; my friends thought it was very wrong of him, an old man, to back a bill for me when I was a boy, and consequently they decided that only so much of the bill was fairly owing, and so much they paid—what amount Mr. Meyer may have lost by the bill I do not know; I have not troubled myself about it—I know the bill is settled—I believe Mr. Waterhouse is paid—I paid the money for the check—I knew when I was in Dublin, in 1848, that Harris's action was going on—I went over on purpose for the action—I was first informed that Harris had sued me on the bill when I came back from Spain in 1848, not before—all Mr. Pullman's letters missed me, except just that one which I luckily got, and which bronght me back as quick as possible—if I had not received it, I might very possibly not have come back then—I went over to Ireland first about my affairs, and then about Harris's action—I owed a Mr. Dillon some money—he became bankrupt—he was requested to send in his account, and I have been to his attorney's—his bill is still owing—I should say there cannot be much else unsettled, with the exception of Joel's, of course.

Q. You have mentioned that jewellery was furnished to you by some of the parties whose names you have mentioned, who called at the barracks; what did you do with that jewellery? A. Some of it I swapped away to the same persons, some of it I have kept—I never remember selling a single article of jewellery—I have changed things away to other persons than those who have supplied them to me, but I never remember receiving any money for articles of jewellery—I gave very little away, if I did any—I remember giving a chain to a man, but of very trifling amount—I believe Joel supplied that chain to me—I do not believe I gave any away supplied to me by Marcus or Waterhouse—I took some diamonds to Mr. Waterhouse, which he allowed a certain sum for, in part liquidation of his bill—I had those diamonds from various persons—I have no doubt I had some from Harris—I do not know how many there were—I probably had some from Joel—there were also two rubies; I had them from Captain Holden—when I got the diamonds from Harris and Joel they were in trinkets; I took them out of the trinkets to dispose of to Waterhouse—I cannot tell how long after I got the diamonds from Joel I disposed of them to Waterhouse—I got them at various times—I cannot tell how long it was after I had got die last from Joel—I should not think it was the very day after—I could hardly have had time to take them out of the trinkets and sell them—I cannot tell whether it was the day after—I rather think Mr. Waterhouse allowed me about 80l. upon the diamonds sold to me by Joel—I cannot tell how long it was after I paid Harris's demands that I took them out of the trinkets and disposed of them to Waterhouse—I cannot tell whether I did so the very day after—I believe that Mr. Waterhouse allowed me 80l. upon the whole paper I took—I had them by me for some time out of their settings—goodness knows why I took them out—I can tell you partly why, I had a pair of scales, and I took them out to amuse myself by weighing them, and partly to see how they looked out of the

setting—I was not of age then—I do not know what became of the setting; the gold part; it was not sold, certainly—I rather think it went to Captain Holden—I know he had a crucible, in which he used to melt up gold, and he had a little marble of gold—I think I handed it to him to melt, but, upon my word, at this distance of time, I cannot tell—I had the rubies from Captain Holden, I rather think not in trinkets; my impression is that he had them unset—I think he bought them in a ring at Storr and Mortimer's, in London—I was not with him, but he brought the ring home one day, when we were together in London, and showed it me—my impression is that it came from Storr and Mortimer's—I had a jewel-case pretty full—I have some of them now, not in my own possession—I delivered them to my guardians, or Mr. Pullman—I never gave anything, that I bought of Mr. Joel, to a female or Harris, or any of those gentlemen—I gave her some that I bought of somebody else—I gave her about twenty pounds' worth of jewellery, as near as possible, I should say that would cover it—that was in Ireland—I was not residing with her—I was residing in barracks—I visited her constantly for about two months—I made her very few presents—I gave her small sums of money—I should say not more than 2l. a week—I cannot say for how long—something under six months, I should say, or under four.

Q. Besides this, did you game at all? A. I only played once when I was in Dublin—I went to Dublin at the end of the autumn of 1846, and was there till the next July—it was at some hotel, the Brunswick, I think, down on the quays—I was only there once in my life—I played at hazard—I neither won nor lost—I played in London when first I went into the army—the last time I played was in Dublin—I have not played at all since I became of age—it was in the spring of 1847 that I played at Dublin—I have played at gambling-houses in London in 1845—I did not go into a gambling-house at all while I was in Ireland, except a booth in the races, where I lost 2s. 6d.—I have not been in gambling-houses in London since 1845—I cannot tell how many times I have been into gambling-houses; not very often; I played at hazard—it was at the time I was at the Army and Navy Club, and generally speaking, a party of us used to go down to one of these gambling-houses—I could not afford to play high, I had not the money, and I never gave bills—I was not in the habit of going to gambling-houses and playing hazard—I went a few times; that was while I was a cornet.

Q. Do you recollect, about Sept. 1849, meeting Mr. Joel in Regent-street? A. No, I do not; I have not the the least recollection of it—I am very shortsighted—he may have passed me—I swear I did not meet him and have a conversation with him—I met him by the Opera Colonnade, in the summer of 1849—it must have been in July, I think—he came up to me as I was going home—he did not ask me for my address, nor did I refuse to give it him—he asked me if I was stopping in London, I said "Yes"—he asked me to settle his claims upon me—I told him I could not myself do it; that I would have nothing to say to it personally, but if he would go to Mr. Pullman, of 5, Essex-court, Temple, he would arrange it—he said Mr. Pullman would not settle, he only insulted him—I said I did not think that was probable from what I knew of Mr. Pullman—I do not say there may not have been something more passed, but that is my impression of the conversation—he did not ask me where I lived—he might have followed me if he liked—I was close at home—probably he did know where I lived—he was by himself as far as I saw—he came up to me by himself, and I saw nobody near—I did not see him again, to my certain knowledge, till I saw him in custody at the police-court—I did not, in 1846, represent that I was of age—I did not give a

treat to the men on the occasion of my coming of age—that was attempted to be proved in Dublin—it was on the occasion of my getting the lieutenancy, the year before I left the army.





JOHN PULLMAN
. I live at Shore-house, Hackney, and am a barrister. In the year 1847 I was in Dublin—I was there introduced to Mr. Clements, in 1846, or the beginning of 1847—in 1847 I was requested by Mr. Clements and his guardians to investigate his affairs—I had previously had some conversation with Mr. Clements as to the state of his affairs—he called on me at my hotel, and asked me to assist him—I declined doing so till he would permit me to mention the matter to his guardians—in consequence of that, I had a communication with one of his guardians, and subsequently with both—I afterwards went to Dublin for other purposes, and at that time was requested to investigate his affairs, and I did so as a friend at that time—I had authority from the guardians to pay the debts that were due—I afterwards communicated to Mr. Joel the authority I had, and the terms upon which I was to settle Mr. Clements' affairs—I think I saw Mr. Joel at the latter end of July—I called on him in Dublin—I believe he was then residing in Dame-street—it was about 26th July—I requested him to let me have his account with Mr. Clements—he promised to send it me—I told him I wished to show it to Mr. Clements' guardians—I introduced myself by telling him my name, and telling him that I had called, as I think I said, at the request of the guardians of Mr. Clements, to ask him for his account, in order that it might be settled and paid—I do not remember anything else—I afterwards received from Mr. Joel this document (produced)—it is dated July 30th, 1847—I was then in London, and I believe it was sent to me by post—I have seen Mr. Joel write—I believe this to be his writing—I acted upon it with him—I saw him afterwards upon it, and referred to it—(read—"55, Dame-street, Dublin, July 30th, 1847.—Sir, in accordance with your request, I hand you annexed a list of the bills passed by A. Clements, Esq., 13th Light Dragoons, with me. I am, sir, your obedient servant, Lewis Joel. May I beg as early a settlement as possible of those overdue.—J. Clements's acceptance bill, overdue. July 3rd, 100l.; July 8th, 100l.; July 14th, 50l.; due Sept. 1st, 100l.; 4th, 300s.; 13th, 100l.; 20th, 100l.; 29th, 250l.; Oct. 6th, 500l.; Oct. 12th, 450l.; all payable at Sir E. Burrows and Co., Army Agents, Dublin.")—I do not know whether I was in London when that letter came, or whether I was at the Assizes at Bridgewater—at all events the letter was sent me by post—the prisoner called on me on 20th Aug., at my chambers, in Essex-court, Temple—he requested to know whether that account was satisfactory or not—I said it was not, inasmuch as the consideration for which the bills were given did not appear—it was merely an account of bills, not such an account of the transaction as I had requested him to give—he then gave me a verbal account, as he said, of the transactions—he stated there was what he called a book account—I requested him to give me the account in writing, and he promised to call with it on the Tuesday following—it was to be an account of the whole of the transactions between him and Mr. Clements—on 25th Aug. I received this letter from him by post, I believe—I have no doubt it is in his writing—I saw him afterwards upon it—here is a memorandum I made at the time of receiving it—"Received Aug. 25th"—(letter read—"Mr. Lewis Joel presents his compliments to Mr. Pullman, and apologizes for his want of punctuality; but business of some moment, which caused his return to Dublin, prevented him keeping his appointment with Mr. Pullman Mr. Joel returns to London on Wednesday evening, and will meet Mr.

Pullman at any hour he may please to appoint on Thursday. A line addressed to 49, Strand, stating Mr. Pullman's time, on Thursday, will meet with punctual attention. 55, Dame-street, Monday evening.")—I saw the prisoner on Thursday or Friday at my chambers—he brought with him this account (produced)—I looked over it in a very cursory manner, and saw there was a bill credited to Mr. Clements for 36l.—I asked for information with reference to that—he gave me the information—I said, "Be good enough, then, to put it in writing," and he made this note at the time, giving the explanation which he had before given me verbally, viz., that that 36l. bill was included in another bill of 10th May—I believe I only called his attention to that item—these observations that are written at the bottom of the account were not made then—there are some marginal notes, the whole of which, with the exception of two, were written by Mr. Clements—I laid it before him for information with reference to it, and he made those remarks—(read—"J.M. Clements, Esq., 13th Light Dragoons, in account with Lewis Joel. Debtor—1846. Nov. 20th: 5 pictures, 30l.—1847. Jan. 1st: diamond ring, 40l.; 3 ditto studs, 100l.; credit 2 studs at 40l.; total, 100l. Jan. 5th: diamond and pearl pin, 40l.; a set of pearl studs, 20l.; a guard-chain, 17l.; in cash, 23l.; total, 100l. 11th: exchange of diamond ring, 50l. Feb. 3rd: cash, 335l.; interest and commission, 50l.; 3 stone diamond rings, 85l.; demi-chain, 16l.; 2 pins, 14l.; total, 500l. Mar. 17th: set of enamelled diamond buttons and studs, 75l.; opal ditto, 25l.; total, 100l. Mar. 26th: diamond ring, 200l.; watch, 35l.; set of topaz studs, 50l.; total, 250l. Apr. 9: cash 322l. interest and commission, 48l.; mounting diamond-pin, two rubies in a ring, 60l. demi-chain. 20l.; total 450l. April 29th: cash, 87l.; interest and commission, 13l.; total 100l. May 1st: cash, 210l.; interest and commission, 30l.; three diamond studs, 60l.; total, 300l. May 10th: bill due May 23rd, 36l.; emerald ring, 24l.; cash, 32l.; interest and commission, 8l.; total, 100l.—Creditor.—Nov. 28th: by bill at six months, due May 23rd, 36l.; returned to Mr. Clements May 10th, included in bill of that date. Jan. 1st, 1847: a bill due July 4th, 100l. Jan. 5th: a bill at six months, due July 8th, 100l. Jan. 11: a bill at six months, due July 14th, 50l.—Feb. 3rd: draft of Lieutenant Williams, due 5th Oct., 136l.; total 500l. March 17th: bill at six months, due Sept. 20th, 100l. 26th: a bill at six months, due Sept. 29th, 250l. April 9th: a bill due, payable six months after date, due Oct. 12th, 450l. 29th: a bill at four months, due Sept. 1st, 100l. May 1st: a bill at four months, 300l. 10th: a bill at four months, due 14th Sept., 100l.")—upon seeing this account, I observed that the book account which he had spoken of was not there, and I requested to have that also, so as to have the whole of the transactions between them—I told him I wished to have the whole of the transactions between them—I ultimately received this other account from him, I believe that same evening, but at all events a very short time after—I have a distinct recollection of meeting Mr. Joel in a cab as I was leaving chambers with this—it is in the same handwriting as the others—(read, "J.M.Clements, Esq., in account with L.Joel, Dublin.—Debtor,—June 29th: demi-chain, 12l.; guard chain, 16l.; ruby and ring, 22l.; diamond, 21l.; gold and sash, 4l.; total, 47l.; seal, 9l.; chain, 12l.; total, 96l.—Creditor: watch returned, 35l. on May 1st: chain returned. June 29th, 16l.; set of emerald studs not delivered, 24l.; total 75l.")—when he gave me that, he said it was the whole of the transactions between himself to and Mr. Clements—I never had any other statement of an account of any transaction between Mr. Clements and Joel—I saw him perhaps four or five times on the subject of the accounts between him and Mr. Clements, once in

London, and I also saw him once or twice in Dublin—on neither of those occasions was the bill, the subject of this indictment, ever mentioned to me, or spoken of—the first time I ever heard of the existence of such a bill was just before the Midsummer assizes at Croydon last year—Mr. Campbell called on me, I went down to Croydon on a subpoena from Mr. Campbell—I was there ready to be called as a witness—I did not see the bill—Mr. Campbell said he had not seen it himself—I sent a letter to Mr. Clements when I heard of the bill, and he came up to me from Windsor—I had told Mr. Joel, in the course of conversation, that the guardians would pay anything for which consideration was shown, and six per cent, interest; and at one of the interviews Mr. Joel said he would give up a very large number of bills for, I believe, somewhere about half their nominal value, if I would settle with him—I said I would not be a party to any compromise, that I had no instructions to compromise any matter; that he should have the full amount of any consideration that was shown, and six per cent, interest—that was on one of the occasions at my chambers—that was without any question of minority at all—any bill he could show a consideration for—this (produced) is the 1000l. bill—I have seen it before—I do not think the acceptance is in Mr. Clements' writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Will you allow me to ask your age? A. About forty-seven—I have been called to the bar five years—I was a student before that with an Equity draftsman—I was a student for about three years—previously to studying the law, I carried on the business of a woollen manufacturer at Donniford, near Taunton, in Somersetshire—I carried that on from 1830, about four or five years—I was not unsuccessful in it—I paid my creditors in full—I gave up the business and took to the law—I was brought up as a manufacturer; it was my father's business—he retired and I took it from him—my brother took to the business after I left it—I think I have lived at Shore House, Hackney, about five years—I was with Mr. George Simpson, of Lincoln's-inn, the Equity draftsman and conveyancer—I practise both at the Common law and Equity bar, but my attention is more directed to real property law—I attend the Equity and Common Law courts in my wig and gown—I was called to the bar in Hillary Term, 1845—I was a good deal at Dublin in 1846—I do not know at what time I went—I never arranged the affairs of any other gentleman of the 13th Light Dragoons, or for any other human being but this gentleman—I know Mr. Denny, he had consulted me, or rather his relatives had, with reference to his affairs—I was in Dublin with reference to a suit which had been for a long time pending in the Court of Chancery there, and I was then watching it in the Master's office for Mr. Denny's uncles—I could not of course practise as a barrister there, but I was watching, being interested in it for them, as a barrister certainly—I had a power of attorney to act, and was to be paid the fees of a barrister for watching this suit, which was a very troublesome one, in the Courts, and in the Master's office; in fact there were three suits there—I believe I went there for that purpose in 1845, a few months after I was called to the bar—the first time I was there on Mr. Denny's affairs was in April, 1845—I was there previously, and on my way from Kerry to Dublin I received a letter from Mr. Denny's relatives to meet them in Dublin, which I did—I had gone to Kerry about the affairs of Mr. Denny's uncles, the Blennerhasetts—it was not at all mixed up with Mr. Denny's affairs—I was first employed in their affairs and then about his—I am not aware that Mr. Denny had any debts, or that he had borrowed any money, or that he was

in any way involved—he was a ward of the Court of Chancery for a considerable time—there was very great difficulty with reference to the management of those affairs in Chancery, and I was requested to investigate the matter in Dublin, which I did—the uncles affairs were also in the Court of Chancery, and I was watching for both—I was paid barrister's fees for that—one of those suits is wound up, the other is not, on account of the administrator of Mr. Denny's father having died, and his accounts not being rendered—I became acquainted with Mr. Clements in the winter of 1846, or the beginning of 1847—I think he first mentioned his affairs to me at the latter end of May or the beginning of June—I was then in Dublin—I had often met him before—I communicated with other creditors, as well as Joel, with all who I believed to be creditors in Dublin—I called on them—Mr. Clements first called on me, and gave me a verbal account—he then gave me an account of his creditors in writing, it was after that that I applied to Joel—I am not aware that he kept a shop—he was lodging in Dame-street, in a room over a fruiterer's or greengrocer's shop—I called on him, saw him, and requested him to send in an account, which he promised to do—I said nothing beyond that; that must have been a day or two before I left Dublin—his letter followed me to London—I have no doubt I gave him my address either at my chambers or my house—I have lost the envelope of that letter—he showed me no bills when I called on him in Dublin—I do not recollect anything more passing than I have stated—I had seen Mr. Clements' guardians before that; I saw Mr. Murdock at his bank in the Haymarket—I had been to London, and returned before I saw Joel—I do not remember when Mr. Clements gave me names of his creditors—it was before I came to London to see his guardians; for I came to London to tell his guardians what he had told me—that was the first time I had seen Mr. Murdock—it was somewhere about 13th July—I immediately returned to Dublin again, and I believe that same day called on all the creditors in Dublin who I knew to have any account; not the same day I returned from London, but the same day I saw Joel—I took no bills or accounts with me to the guardians; I had not received any then; I am quite certain of that—I returned to London again, to go on the Western Circuit, which I joined at Bridgewater, and there, or in town, I received Joel's letter of 30th July—I was at Bridgewater a week, or thereabouts—I believe I only found one account waiting for me on my return—that was Harris's, dated from Dublin, Aug. 2nd—it was forwarded to me at Bridgewater, I believe—I believe I saw Joel on the subject of his first account within a day or two after the Somerset election—that was at my chambers—there was no one present but him and me—I made a memorandum of what passed at that interview—this is it (produced)—I made it at the time—it is a correct memorandum of what passed, with the exception of some letters here in blue ink, which were added afterwards, when I endeavoured to test his verbal statement with the account that was afterwards sent in—there is no date to the memorandum, only, "Half-past six, Tuesday evening;" address, "49, Strand"—that was the address Mr. Joel gave—Mr. Joel was sitting with me at the time I took this down—I told him he had better send in a written account—he told me exactly what is on this paper—the interview must have lasted some considerable time—I frequently went to Armit and Burroughs, in Dublin, after this interview, with reference to Mr. Clements' affairs—I have shown this memorandum to Mr. Clements—I called on Cox and Greenwood once—that was subsequent to Mr. Clements' having left the army—it was in Sept.—it was

merely to pay over the balance to Messrs. Bouveries—I think I saw a gentleman named Howard, the clerk who attended to the 13th regiment—I have seen accounts at Cox and Greenwood's with him—I requested to have their accounts, which he forwarded to me—I have not ceased to have anything to do with his affairs yet—I believe Mr. Murdock was the acting guardian—he will know more about Mr. Clements' pecuniary affairs than I—I know nothing about them—I have never had any pecuniary affairs with him in any way whatever—Mr. Joel called on me with the second account, I believe, on the Thursday—I have no memorandum of that interview—I believe nothing occurred beyond my requesting him to make that note in the corner, in explanation of the item of 36l.—my impression is that the interview was very short—it was at my chambers—I told him that the account was not satisfactory, and requested him to give me a further one—this is what he afterwards gave me, which he called the book account—I think I first saw the bill in question in Nov., at Mr. Campbell's—he showed it me—I subsequently called at Mr. Clements', and he saw it—I did, not afterwards show it to Mr. Netherclift—I never saw it but in Mr. Campbell's hands—I first saw it by myself, and then with Mr. Clements and Mr. Humphreys—I have not seen Mr. Netherclift here: I do not know him—I do not know whether he was at the police-court—I never saw him in my life—I do not know that the bill has been shown to Mr. Howard—I do not know the name of any of the clerks at Armit and Burroughs'—I saw several clerks there on Mr. Clements' affairs—I am not aware that Mr. Howard was in attendance at the police-court—I should not know him if I was to see him—I do not know how long I was looking at the acceptance before I formed my opinion upon it, certainly not more than a few minutes—I believe it is not his writing—I am confident of it—I should say I first saw him write in 1847—he signed his deposition at the police-court—I was at both the examinations there—the prisoner was taken into custody at the Bankruptcy Court, in my presence—I was there in my wig and gown—I did not point him out—I heard that he was coming up on that day—I attended as a barrister, instructed by Mr. Humphreys to watch the case in reference to the bankruptcy—I had a regular brief—I think Joel was taken into custody when he was in the box, if I am not mistaken, as the officer did not know it was positively him till he heard him give his name—the officer was Sergeant Moone, from Vine-street—I was in attendance there perhaps an hour and a half before Joel was taken—I am not aware whether there was any one there who knew Joel except myself—I did not hear him give his name, nor see him taken into custody—I was sitting at the counsel's box—I did not tell Mr. Jones, Joel's attorney, that I was there engaged in the next case—I do not believe I ever spoke to Mr. Jones in my life—if he said anything to me, it was as a perfect stranger—I certainly have no recollection of seeing him; but as to saying I was engaged in any other case, I most distinctly deny—I did not, as soon as Joel was taken into custody, take off my wig and gown, and follow to Marlborough-street—I waited a considerable time—I went to call on Mr. Clements, and we went to Marlborough-street together—he was at an hotel in Basinghall-street—we first went to my chambers—the only person that I am aware of who was then at Marlborough-street, to look at this bill, was Mr. Clements.

Q. Did you, after the communication from Mr. Campbell, take any steps to apprehend Joel until he actually appeared at the Bankruptcy Court? A. Yes; when the bill was, as I understood, about to be produced upon the

trial at Croydon, Mr. Clements was down there, and his solicitor instructed counsel to move that the bill should be impounded, in order that a prosecution might be instituted—Messrs. Wright and Kings ford, of Essex-street, were Mr. Clements' solicitors, and their managing clerk was there, and gave those instructions—I was concerned in the arrangement of Harris's matters with regard to Mr. Clements' bills—Harris has never been taken into custody, except when he was bound over to keep the peace, having threatened to do me some personal injury—I am not aware that he has ever been taken into custody for forgery—in the account produced there is a bill for 500l., stated to have been drawn or accepted by Lieutenant Williams—I did not refuse to pay that in the first instance—Lieutenant Williams did not threaten to chastise me if it was not paid—the bill was dishonoured, and Lieutenant Williams was threatened with an action—he told me so, and showed me the letter from the attorney—the reason the bill was dishonoured, as I believe, was, that there was a mistake with reference to the date—I saw this gentleman, and said to him, "Inasmuch as you had 100l. of this bill, and no more, as I understand; if you will pay 104l., namely, the interest upon the 100l. you had, I will deposit the remainder with Annit and Buroughs"—I paid in 396l., and with reference to its not being there, that was not the fault of Mr. Clements; but the 104l. was lodged, and the 500l. was then made up—it was dishonoured in the first instance—there was no dispute about the consideration of it—there was a little delay about the amount being made up—it was not refused on the ground of any charge of forgery—it was paid in two or three days, I believe—(looking at the second account) I made this erasure on the back either in July or Aug.—I made a memorandum upon this, which ought to have been made on another, and then scratched it out—I have had a great many opportunities of seeing Mr. Clements' writing—that was after I was engaged in his affairs—I have no recollection of having seen any bill that is signed before he became of age, with the exception of one which he drew in my presence for 160l.—I have seen his handwriting on bills which purported to be drawn before he became of age, but I had not, until he became of age, seen his handwriting upon any bills—there were two bills which purported to have been accepted after he became of age, which I have seen—I did not see him write those—I do not think the acceptance to the bill in question is a disguised hand—I think it is very much like Mr. Clements' writing, but I do not think he wrote it, inasmuch as there are peculiarities about it which I have not seen before—the only peculiarity it with reference to the "s" and the "t"—they are not at all like anything that I have seen Mr. Clements write—there is no stroke to the "t," and here is a flourish at the end of the "s" which I do not remember seeing in Mr. Clements' writing—here is a peculiarity also about the "C" in Clements; still it is very much like his writing—(looking at a paper marked Z) this is very much like Mr. Clements's writing, but it is not written as that is—I think it is his writing—it is very much like it—(looking at one marked Y) I cannot tell as to this—I should say "J.M. Clements" is very like his: but the word "Lieu't." is very unlike what I have seen of his—I should think it is not his—a portion is like and a portion is not. (Looking at another paper marked X) I should say, looking at this, that it is very much like a copy of the signature on the 1000l.-bill—I do not think it is his handwriting—(this was the 1000l.-bill in question, but handed to the witness in an envelope, a portion of which was cut out, so as to render the signature only visible)—the words "Lieu't. 13th Light Dragoons" are very like his writing; but

really I should say it does not appear to be written with the same ink as "T.M. Clements" is, or at the same time. (Looking at a paper marked W) I think this is Mr. Clements's writing—I see the words "Lieu't. 13th Light Dragoons" here—I think that is his—I have seen the three bills that were in Harris's hands, which were alleged to be forgeries—I saw them at Dublin—the last time I saw them was in Nov., or Dec., 1848, in Court, at Dublin, and I had seen them before that, when they were brought into the Master's Office for inspection—they were produced by Mr. Bloomfield, Harris's solicitor, upon a motion for their inspection—when I saw them in Court, they were in the hands of Harris, where they still remain, I believe, or in the hands of his attorney—that was the last I saw of them—I saw Harris in Court; he was there when the verdict was returned—I have not spoken to him since—I saw him at the Bankruptcy Court here, and once at the Imperial Hotel, where I was staying—I have not seen him at all since Joel was taken into custody—the last time I saw him was perhaps two months ago—when I saw him at the Imperial, he was in the coffee-room with some officer upon some bill-transaction—that was six or seven months or more after the trial—I had nothing to do with Mr. Clements' debts—I have paid every claim that I am aware of that has been sent in—if any party has a claim against him, I will pay it now—we are quite ready to pay every farthing—the matter is not finally settled—I have not paid Joel a single farthing, and he has never asked for a single farthing—I have endeavoured to ascertain what amount in actual cash, and what amount in real value of jewellery he has furnished to Mr. Clements—I have only made these inquiries from Mr. Joel and Mr. Clements—I have been to Armit and Buroughs, to ask them for their account, and I have got it—I have no idea who the clerk was who gave it me—my account with Mr. Clements and his guardians is not yet settled—I am to be paid thus, I was requested to make this investigation, and I then stated that I was not an attorney, and I could make no charge whatever—they said if I would go to investigate the affairs, I should have the fees which a barrister was entitled to while I was away—I would make no terms whatever with Mr. Clements in any way, or have any transaction with him—I stated so distinctly—I have been paid something by the guardians, but am not entirely settled with—everything was done from communication with the guardians.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Why has Mr. Joel not been paid? A. I have not had an opportunity of seeing him since Oct., 1847, nor have I heard from him—I have never yet been able to get the bills, which he alleges should be paid, brought before me, and have had no opportunity of investigating it—I found that he was not entitled to anything like the amount he claimed—the action that was brought at Croydon was not tried—Mr. Joel saw me there—Mr. Clements told Mr. Campbell in my presence not to part with the bill—I never heard of the bill before I had the intimation from Mr. Campbell—the memorandum I have produced was taken by me in Joel's presence—he stated that certain bills were in the Carlow Bank, and certain bills were in the hands of Mr. Bevan, I think, of the Old Jewry—he did not say a word about a 1000l.-bill—I had this memorandum in my hand at the police-court, to refresh my memory, and read from it—Mr. Joel told me when he gave me the first account that that was all the transaction between him and Mr. Clements with the exception of the 80l. book debt, and then when he gave in that, he stated that that was the whole of the transaction—(Looking at a paper marked E) I believe this to be Mr. Joel's handwriting—I believe the endorsement to the bill in question to be in his writing—I have no doubt of

it—I have never seen him write, except that memorandum in the corner of the account, but this is the same writing as his letters to me, upon which I have acted.





JOHN MARCUS CLEMENTS

re-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. I have seen the account of certain bills of exchange which was given to Mr. Pullman—he also showed me this second account, detailing the consideration for the bills—I made some memorandums on that account; they are there now—the account was given me on purpose that I might make any observations upon it—they are in black ink—the last debt in this account is, "May 10th, 1847, 32l. cash"—I will not swear I did not have that—I will not sweat I did not have 210l. cash on 1st May—I will not swear to any of these bills—I know I had not this amount of cash, but what I had exactly I cannot tell—I will not swear I did not have the three diamond studs or the emerald ring on 10th May—this account was brought down to me at Windsor, in Sept., I believe—I will not swear that I had not the emerald ring—it is rather difficult to be extremely accurate in matters of jewellery—I do not know that I did not have 32l. in cash in respect to the bill of 4th May—I did not know at the time this account was brought to me what cash I had received, and what I had not—I cannot tell whether I had 210l. in cash in respect to the 300l. bill—I have made every endeavour to find out, and surely such a large sum of money would have been lodged at my banker's, or something of that sort—personally, I tell you I really cannot tell—my impression is that I had not so much money, but I will not swear that I had not—Armit and Buroughs were my agents—I do not know whether one of their clerks is here; I have not seen one—I will not swear I did not have 87l. on April 29th in respect of a 100l. bill—there is only one bill that I kept any account of, and that was one for 500l.—I cannot swear as to any of the others—I will not swear I did not have the 322l. on 9th April in respect to a bill for 450l. or a diamond pin and two rubies for 60l.—the rubies must have been the two that I spoke of before—I believe I had that—I believe I gave him the two rubies to mount, and he supplied the diamond—I cannot say whether that was the diamond I abstracted, and disposed of to Mr. Waterhouse, I rather think not—I do not know what became of that diamond—Mr. Waterhouse has got the rubise—I cannot tell whether that ring was melted up by Captain Holden—I cannot say whether I had a diamond ring at 200l. on 26th March—there is no memorandum of mine against that item—I will not swear I did not have it—there is no objection made to a set of studs at 16l., or a watch at 35l.—I had a set of enameled diamond buttons and studs on 17th March, but he charged them at 100l., instead of 75l.—I am sure I did not have the opals which are charged at 25l.—my first transaction with Joel was on Nov. 20th, with regard to five pictures—I dare say I had the diamond ring for 40l.—I have put no mark to that—here are the words, "Harris has these"—that refers to the three diamond studs charged at 100l.—I did not take them out of the setting and sell them to him; I merely swapped them away—this credit for 40l. returned refers to two studs which Harris charged me 80l. for, and for which Joel allowed me 40l.—I can swear I did not have the opal studs; I will not venture to swear with regard to any of the others—I have not put any objection to "cash 335l." on Feb. 3rd.—I made a note of that bill at the time, or very soon after, and the account here given does not in the least tally with my note of it—I will venture to swear this account of it is incorrect—this is the note I made of it (produced)—I cannot say whether I received any cash from Mr. Joel in respect to that bill; I will not swear I did not—I

know this was the agreement on which the bill was drawn, because there was always an agreement on all these bills, as to what was to be in cash, what in jewellery, and what was to be the commission—I never drew a bill without that arrangement—I should say this memorandum was not made in Joel's presence—I have no means of knowing whether I personally received any cash on that bill—I know there was 100l. cash paid on it, which Lieutenant Williams had, whether I received the remaining 150l. I cannot tell—it may have been dishonoured at first, but it was paid eventually—my affairs were then out of my own hands, and I was away—I cannot swear whether I got the three stone diamond ring charged at 85l.; my impression is I did not; if there is no memorandum of mine on the margin, I suppose I did—I sold that diamond to Waterhouse—there is a note of it—I cannot say when I sold it him—I know the stones did go there eventually, but when I cannot recollect—Lieutenant Williams did not come to me about the bill after it had been dishonoured—I was in England when it was due—I do not remember receiving any letter from him—I have never seen him since—he was aid-decamp to the Lord-Lieutenant, and I believe he is so now—I know what accepting a bill in blank is—it is writing your name across a blank piece of paper—I never saw the two bills of Harriss that have been mentioned—I was not in the Court at Dublin—I was waiting at Morrison's Hotel while the trial was going on—Mr. Franks, of Dublin, was my attorney—Joel used to come to me at barracks, as you will see by his accounts, every now and then—the bills were drawn and accepted in my private room there—no one was present when I gave any of the bills—of course you would not have two in your room at once—I think Joel came to me in June and July, 1847—I cannot tell the date, but it was after I had signed the last bill in this account—it may have been the beginning of July—he was a very short time with me; it was in my barrack-room—he did not ask me to make any payment on account—he asked me to renew two bills—I do not recollect which they were, but he said two bills would become due, and he asked me to renew them—he did not show them to me—they may have been over due, or coming due, I do not recollect which—the conversation perhaps might have lasted five or six minutes—we were the only two persons present—I refused to renew the bills—I did not give him any reason; I said I would rather not—he did not ask for a reason—he said he wished I would renew them, and wished me to write a letter, saying that all his transactions with me were fair, and I declined doing either.

Q. Did not he ask you why you refused to renew them, and did not you say because you were a minor? A. No, decidedly not; because I was a minor then, and it could have done him no good to renew those bills—I do not recollect anything passing about my being a minor—I will not swear it, but my impression is there was nothing—he did not threaten to take proceedings against me, he was very civil, he said nothing of the sort—I do not recollect his saying I had disputed other persons' accounts, and said I was a minor—I do not recollect that I had disputed any accounts—I was not told as early as April, when I consulted Mr. Pullman, that the defence of minority was a good one—I may possibly have had conversation between May and July, 1847, with persons about my being a minor when I accepted bills, and very possibly with creditors—I do not remember telling anybody that I was not bound by those acceptances, because they were given when I was a minor—I do not recollect any such conversations—I say it is possible there may have been such conversations, but I do not recollect it; I do not deny that there

were—I saw Harris, when I had dealings with him, at the barracks, and accepted bills of exchange for him—I will swear I accepted no bills of exchange in blank for him—my impression is that I gave him five bills—I will not swear it was not more—I kept no account or memorandum of any bill but the one for 500l.—when I became of age I had a very good idea of the general amount of bills against me, and I could guess the number, but I did not know it—Joel went away from that last visit without my agreeing to make any arrangement with him with regard to his claim against me—I went down to Croydon with Mr. Pullman, and I believe a clerk of Messrs. Kingsford and Wright; counsel, I understand, had instructions in Court to impound the bill if it was produced, but it was not—I did not see Joel there—I did not go into Court—I was staying at Windsor when I first heard of the bill, and I came off, I think, almost the next day—I passed through London—I may have gone to Kingsford and Wright's offices, I cannot say—I know that there is an action now pending against me upon that very bill—I believe that had been begun long before Joel was taken into custody—I had heard of it before that—I came up to London from Yorkshire the moment I heard there was such an action, and that the bill was likely to be forth-coming—I went to Mr. Campbell's, and that was the first time I saw it—I did not believe it was my signature, decidedly not.

Q. That being so, were you called upon to write your name twice, and did you write your name twice at Mr. Campbell's? A. I did sign some things, declaring it to be a forgery; whether it was two or one, I am sure I do not know—Mr. Campbell did not call on me to give a specimen of my writing by writing my name—whether Mr. Pullman asked me to do it or not, I do not know; it is so slight a thing to write one's name—I knew the bill was a forgery directly—I was certainly not asked by Mr. Campbell to give a specimen of my writing—I do not remember being called on to write my name, except signing those documents; I then signed my Christian names at full length—I sometimes sign at full length, and sometimes with my initials only—if I am signing a letter, I generally put my initials; if I was signing a power of attorney, or a thing of that kind, I should do it at full length—bills of exchange I used to sign with initials—it was usually, "Accepted, Messrs. So-and-so, J.M. Clements, Lieu't. 13th Light Dragoons, payable at Messrs. Armit and Burroughs"—I usually wrote "accepted, payable."
(Saturday, January 12th.)

MR. BODKIN. Q. In the observations you made yesterday upon one or two items in the second account, did you confine yourself entirely to that of which you had an accurate recollection? A. Yes—I have never personally, or through the medium of any other person, denied that I have received considerable sums of money through the prisoner, but I do deny that this account is correct—I have denied the amounts; I am not now in a condition to say to what extent—this memorandum, which I made with reference to Lieut. Williams's bill, does not enable me to say whether I had that 250l. in cash—it enables me to swear that the statement of it here is wrong, and to state the nature of the arrangement that I then made with Mr. Joel—it was a bill for 500l., with the additional security of Lieut. Williams—Joel was to give me in cash 250l., to take up two bills which he had given to Mesage the print-seller, for 67l., which he did not do, to take out in goods 83l., and interest at the rate of 60 per cent.; the bill was drawn for four months, that would be 100l.—in my other dealings with bills with Joel, I always made a similar

kind of bargain; but I took no memorandum of any other bill, because I was the only party liable, but this bill was chiefly for Lieut. Williams's benefit—Joel generally paid the money advanced on the bills into Armit and Burroughs—I have received small sums from him in barracks—I took his word for paying the cash into my bankers—I had no means of examining my account there before making my observations on this account at Windsor—we had the account, I believe, at Windsor—I cannot swear that I had seen it, I do not think I saw it before I returned the account.

Q. with respect to the jewellery about which you have been examined, did you want the jewellery, or was it part of the consideration given for the acceptances proposed by Mr. Joel? A. In very nearly every case it was part of the bargain—sometimes I may have taken a fancy to a thing, and taken it as a fancy thing, but I did not want all this jewellery—I should think it was some of those articles which I did not want that I sold—since I was examined yesterday, I have found Mr. Waterhouse's account—(upon
MR. BODKIN
proposing to put this into the witness's hand, to refresh his memory,
MR. CHAMBERS
objected.
MR. JUSTICE TALFORD
was of opinion that the witness could not be permitted to refresh his memory from a document in the handwriting of another person)—I am now prepared to state that I gave Mr. Waterhouse a check for 100l.—his claim was satisfied to the extent of 100l.—I was in Spain when I first heard of the action brought by Harris—that was by a letter which I received, I think, about July, 1848—that brought me immediately to England—I went over to Dublin, on the trial—I was first of all staying near Dublin, with Lord Leitrim—I was in Dublin altogether perhaps three or four days, or a week—I was staying at Morrison's Hotel there—I did not see Joel during my stay there—I believe Harris was an acquaintance of the prisoner's—I do not recollect having seen them together—Harris was in the habit of coming to the barracks, the same as Joel—I was told the particulars of Harris's bills, which I say were forged, both by Mr. Pullman and Mr. Markcomb, who were in Dublin with me—with respect to the first of the three, I was told that Mr. Gold's name was at the back of it, as well as at the back of another, which was a genuine bill—I knew he had only backed one bill for me, and in Court he swore that the signature to the other was a forgery—I was told that—I was also told that the date of that same bill had been tampered with, that the date had been scratched out, and a fresh date put in—I was told what the date was, but I do not remember it now—it was not a date after I became of age—I was told that the other two bills were signed and dated after I became of age—I concurred in the defence of minority and forgery made to Harris's action—I was then informed of the forgeries of those bills—no communication was made to me on the subject of this 1,000l. bill while I was in Dublin or the neighbourhood—I went to Mr. Campbell's office to see the bill—it was not intimated to me at the time I was asked to write my name that, it was with a view of being compared with any other writing of mine—Mr. Campbell requested me, before he showed me the bill, to sign my name to a document that it was a forgery—before he showed me the bill he said he should require me, if it was a forgery, to sign a declaration to that effect, and said he would prosecute Mr. Joel—neither Mr. Campbell or anybody else suggested to me to write my name as I ordinarily wrote it on bills of exchange—the interview between myself and the prisoner at the barracks, in July, 1847, was not very long before I left Dublin; I cannot remember exactly how long, I should say it might have been a week before—that was the last interview I had with

him on the subject of business, with the exception of the short conversation at the Opera Colonnade—I have a sufficient recollection of what took place on that occasion to be able to state positively that nothing was written between us—he made no other proposal to me than to renew certain bills that were coming due, and to give him a letter stating that all his transactions with me had been fair and just—that was all that passed—I am perfectly certain of that—I did not know at that time that he had been in communication with Mr. Pullman—I cannot say whether Mr. Pullman was then in Dublin, but my impression is that he was—I know that he went to London about that time, to see my friends—I saw him soon after this interview, because I detailed it to him.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Since last night, have you been asked any questions, or have you made any communication to any person, with reference to what you said upon cross-examination? A. I have not—Mr. Pullman handed me over Mr. Waterhouse's account to look at, but I had no conversation—I walked home part of the way with Mr. Pullman, and he expressly declined to enter into conversation with me on the subject—he said it was not right—he handed me the account in his chambers, and said, "You had better look over Waterhouse's account," and that was all he said—I have had no communication whatever as to the evidence—I have no recollection of having made a drawing of the diamond and ruby ring, for the purpose of having some trinket made by Mr. Joel—I will not deny having done so; I do not remember; it is very possible I might—I did not break it up and sell it the very next day; my impression is that I did not, but I cannot swear it.

COURT. Q. Had you yourself any notion of the value of rubies and diamonds, and articles of that kind? A. No, certainly not; or I should not have given the price I was charged—I had purchased jewellery before I went to Dublin—not to any great extent—I had no idea of the value—I was about seventeen when I entered the army—I served not quite a year at Hounslow—I think I joined in Sept., or Oct., and marched away in the spring—I was not twenty when I went to Ireland—I was first in the south of Ireland for some time, in Kilkenny and Limerick, and then went to Dublin—I had connexions in Dublin, but no very intimate friends—I am an Irishman—I have friends and connexions both in Ireland and England—my property when I became of age was all landed property—there were the savings of my minority—my father died when I was about eight years old, and my mother when I was twelve—I was born in London—my father was an Irishman.





JOHN THOMAS CAMPBELL
. I am a solicitor. This 1000l.-bill has been in my possession—I produced it before the Magistrate—I brought an action on it against Mr. Clements—the action was commenced in May, and it is now pending—I commenced it a day or two after Mr. Clements had called on me and pronounced it to be a forgery, but I am not positive whether the writ was issued previously or not—I attended at Croydon in Aug., 1849, where the action was to be tried—my firm brought the action—at that time we believed the bill was in Mr. Joel's possession—we brought the action against Joel for Forrest—he was the manager of the London and Dublin Bank—we did not bring the action in his name as a public officer—I believe the bill was discounted by him in his own name—the action was brought to recover a large debt, that bill being a portion of the amount—the London and Dublin Bank are our clients in the action against Mr. Clements—Forrest is the plaintiff in that action—he has left the country, emigrated as I understand; he left a power of attorney before he left the country—I saw him about a

week or two after the assizes at Croydon, about the middle of Aug., 1849, and never since—I do not think I have seen Joel since the action was commenced, except before the Magistrate—I saw him on the subject of the action before I commenced it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What firm are you a member of? A. Davies, Son, and Campbell—I have been admitted as an attorney, I think, four or five years—Mr. Davies has been in Warwick-street more than half a century—in the action at Croydon, our firm acted for the London and Dublin Bank—the day was fixed for the trial, I think, before a special jury—I think about the day before it was coming on, Mr. Joel made a communication through his solicitors, that he wished to arrange the action—an appointment was made, and Mr. Joel came to our office with his solicitor, and I then told him that Mr. Pullman had informed me that no such bill was in existence, and if such a bill was in existence it was a forgery—I told that distinctly to Mr. Joel, and he consented to give us a judgment for the debt that was claimed—we told him we would listen to no terms unless he gave us a judgment, and gave us back the bill he had got from Mr. Forrest—this was on 13th Aug.—I then went out of town, and on 23rd Sept. I saw the bill in our office—I think it was with some papers relating to the business—Mr. Pullman was subpoenaed by our firm—it was our intention to call him as a witness, if necessary, in that action—Mr. Pullman and Mr. Clements called to inspect the bill—I think that was after I had written a letter relative to it—we made inquiries, and afterwards went on with the action—Mr. Clements wrote his name twice in my presence, in Warwick-street.

Q. Having seen him write his name, did you look at the signature to the bill, and have you formed any belief or judgment as to that being his handwriting? A. I have a very strong belief it is his handwriting; it only goes to belief, of course—I have seen a good many bills with his signature to them—that is a reason for my coming to that belief—my judgment upon seeing him write would not be so strong, because he signed bis name in full, and the signature to the bill is in short—I believe it to be his writing—I am now speaking as to the general result of my investigation—I could not have formed a belief if I had not seen those other bills—the action is now pending—it was stayed on the question of security for costs, because Mr. Forrest was out of the country, and when Mr. Clements brought forward this indictment we thought we might stay the action and see the result of this indictment—Mr. Humphreys, or Mr. Pullman, I am not certain which; I think it was Mr. Humphreys, told me that a warrant was out against Joel—that was a very short time after Mr. Clements and Mr. Pullman had called to see the bill—I think I communicated with Mr. Jones, Joel's solicitor, the day or day after I had that information—I think it was about a month after that that Joel appeared at the Bankruptcy Court—it might be a week after, I cannot exactly recollect—I have no interest whatever, nor has my firm, in this matter, beyond our acting as attorneys for the Dublin Bank.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Look at the writing on the back of the bill, it appears to be wholly erased, was that the state in which it was when you first saw it? A. Yes—I think I spoke either to Mr. Pullman or Mr. Murdock about Mr. Clements's address—there was no hesitation on their part in acting upon it—Mr. Humphreys agreed to accept process immediately—there appears to be the name of Forrest on the bill, under the name of Lewis Joel, next to it—it may not be Forrest, it looks like Forrest—it was there when I saw it first—we have a clerk named Reeve, he told me he had made a copy of the bill—I saw that copy the other day for the first time—I have not got it—I have

no doubt Reeve has got it with him—when Mr. Clements signed his name twice, it was to a duplicate memorandum—before I showed him the bill, I asked him if he would have any objection to state in writing, after he had seen it, whether it was his signature or not—he said, "Oh, certainly not"—I showed him the bill, he said, "It is not my signature," and I wrote out that memorandum, which he signed—I did not get the signature from him for the purpose of a comparison of his writing—I have not got the duplicate memorandum with me; this is one of those that Mr.Clements signed (produced)—I think I was requested to give security for costs for Forrest the moment Mr. Humphreys was enabled to apply for it—I think he applied for it as soon as he was entitled after the issuing of the writ—perhaps it was a fortnight or three weeks after—I cannot tell whether it was on 10th Dec. (looking at a paper handed to him) it must have been on 10th Dec.—we commenced the action on 23rd Nov., just two days after Mr. Clements had been to inspect the bill—it must have been at the end of Sept. that we made inquiries, after Mr. Clements had stated it was a forgery, before it came into our hands, and therefore, as soon as it came into our hands, we made inquiry—I told Mr. Jones, Joel's solicitor, that I was informed there was a warrant out against him—that must have been a day or two days after Mr. Humphreys told me—it must have been two or three days, but it was not more than that.





HENRY JAMES REEVE
. I am a clerk in the office of Messrs. Davies, Son, and Campbell. On 10th Sept. I received a bill from Chignell—I believe this is the bill (looking at it)—I made a copy of it at the time—this is it (handing it in)—as far as my memory serves me, this is an exact copy of the bill—I really do not remember whether the endorsements were scratched out at the time or not—I believe that is the bill—refreshing my memory with the copy I made at the time, I cannot say positively whether the endorsements on the bill, when I made the memorandum on it, were visible or not, but I think they were.





HENRY CHIGNELL
. I am messenger at the house and office of Messrs. Davies, Son, and Campbell. In the month of Aug. or Sept. I saw the prisoner in the office—he wanted to leave a memorandum or bill of exchange with me, to give to one of the firm when they came—he did not tell me the amount—this (looking at the bill) may be it, but I cannot swear whether it is or not—whatever he gave me I gave to Mr. Reeves, the clerk.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How many hundred papers do you receive in a day from parties that call at the office? A. Not many hundreds, I may have received a good many—I do not read the papers that are given me—I merely got a slip of paper, without knowing what it contained, and handed it over to one of the clerks—the prisoner gave me a paper or bill of exchange, and I gave it to Mr. Reeves—I cannot tell how many other papers I delivered on that day to Mr. Reeves, it might have been many or few.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you deliver over any other paper from Mr. Joel to Mr. Reeves except the memorandum, or bill of exchange or paper you have referred to? A. Certainly not—I gave the prisoner a memorandum for it.

COURT. Q. Does your memory serve you to know what sort of paper it was, whether it was a slip of paper in the form of this, or whether it was a different sort of paper? A. It was a slip of paper in the form of this, and I believe that is it, but I really cannot swear—it was that sort of paper, in length and breadth.





SAMUEL JARMAN
. I am one of the assistants of Mr. Humphreys, the attorney for this prosecution. On Monday, 7th Jan., at Marylebone Police Court, I served a notice on the prisoner, of which this is a copy (produced.)


Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Do you know Mr. Netherclift? A. Yes; he is a lithographer—he has been taken to see this bill, I think about ten days ago—I am not certain as to the date—no other persons, that I am aware of, have been taken to see it—I hare not been to Cox and Greenwood about it—there has been no communication about it with Armit and Burroughs, of Dublin—I have not had any communication with any of Bouverie and Co.'s bank clerks about it—I have not been to Mr. Dight—I have not subpoenaed Mr. Netherclift to attend here on the part of the prosecution—he is not here—he was here yesterday—he was not in Court, he was in the lobby—he was not here under a subpoena for the prosecution—I was at the Bankruptcy Court when Joel was taken into custody—I went by myself—Sergeant Mount accompanied the officer who took him—I did not direct him to be taken into custody; he was in the box, and Sergeant Mount went up to him with a warrant—I delivered Mr. Pullman the brief—it was not a blank sheet of paper—the appointment at the Bankruptcy Court was, I believe, for two o'clock; I was there about that time—some cases were in the course of investigation before the Commissioner, and I believe about three, or half-past, I saw Joel come in—I heard him called Lewis by some one who was speaking to him; a friend, I believe—he was then walking about the Court—he was standing in the witness-box when the officer spoke to him—Mr. Pullman did not make any application to the Court; he was instructed to watch. (The notice being ready was to produce a memorandum given by Chignell, purporting to be a receipt or acknowledgment for the  1,000l. bill, the subject of this prosecution.)

COURT
to
HENRY CHIGNELL. Q. Recollect, as well as you can, what it was the prisoner said when he came? A. He asked whether either of the partners were there; I said it was before, the office hours—I believe he then said he wanted to leave a paper, and would I take it, as he wanted to go to Brighton by the rail—he said it was a bill; he did not say for what sum, or describe it further—I am sure he said it was a bill, and he asked me to give him a memorandum for it, which I did, and he left the paper with me—I did not read the paper at all.

Q. Then how could yon give a memorandum for it? A. I gave a memorandum for a paper left with me; in fact I had no glasses at the moment, and could not see to read it—I merely gave him a memorandum for a memorandum given to me to give to one of the partners, merely a memorandum that he had left a paper with me—that was all the information I received from him—my eyes did not, without my glasses, enable me to look and see the particulars of the paper—I did not look at it after he was gone, and before I gave it to Mr. Reeve—I put it into my desk, and when Mr. Reeve came I took it up, and said, "Mr. Reeve, here is a paper left by Mr. Joel for you, will you take it?" and I gave it him—I really believe it was a paper of this description, but I could not say what it was—I did not receive more than one paper from Joel, which I gave to Mr. Reeve—(MR. CLARKSON
requested that the witness might be permitted to look at his deposition to refresh his memory as to what passed at this interview.
MR. CHAMBERS
objected, if a contradiction was sought to be proved, that could only be done in the case of an adverse witness; and as to refreshing the memory of the witness, that could only be done from a document in his own writing.
MR. BODKIN
said it was a matter entirely in the discretion of the Court.
MR. JUSTICE TALFOURD
thought that he should best exercise his discretion in not allowing the deposition to be used for this purpose.)


Q. Can you now recollect whether the prisoner, when he brought you the document, described it in any way, or stated it to be anything? A. I believe he said, "I wish to leave a paper," or a bill of exchange; I do not recollect the words, and that, I believe, ought to be in my evidence before the Magistrate—I said I did not know—I believe this to be the bill, but I cannot swear it—(the bill was here read.)





HENRY JAMES REEVE

re-examined by the
COURT. I believe this to be the paper I received from Chignell and gave to Mr. Campbell—I have no doubt about it—I took a copy, and it tallies with that copy—I received no other bill at any time from Chignell for 1,000l., in which the parties were the same, nor did I deliver any other bill to Mr. Campbell of this description and amount.





JOHN THOMAS CAMPBELL

re-examined by the
COURT. I had no other bill but this for 1,000l. in my possession, purporting to be drawn by the prisoner on the prosecutor—I think I showed this bill to the prisoner on two occasions, when he called to pay a portion of the debt, or rather the costs—he said it was a genuine bill, and he could prove Mr. Clements signed it—he did not make the slightest question about that being the bill he had brought to our office.





JAMES GORDON MURDOCH
. I am a partner in the house of Bouverie and Co., bankers, and was one of Mr. Clements's guardians—I have had frequent opportunities of seeing him write, and knowing his handwriting—I have carefully examined the acceptance to this bill—I do not believe it to be his handwriting—it resembles it—I must have first seen it in Nov., 1849—it was shown to me by Mr. Campbell—I believe I said it was like his writing—the arrangements that were made by Mr. Pullman with respect to Mr. Clements's embarrassments were made with my sanction—down to Nov. last, when this bill was shown to me by Mr. Campbell, I had never heard of any bill for 1,000l. accepted by the prosecutor—yes I heard of it in Aug. at the Croydon assizes—that was the first I had heard of it—I received this letter(produced) from the prisoner—it is dated "Friday"—I cannot say when I received it—I am not personally acquainted with the numbers of bills that Mr. Joel made a demand upon—I had no communication with the prisoner on receiving this letter—I sent it to Mr. Pullman—I received it before the Croydon assizes.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are you in the habit of paying money over the counter on checks or bills? A. Yes, I have paid drafts of Mr. Clements's, and several of my clerks also—I have occasionally paid them personally—the cashier, Mr. James, would usually do that—he is in my employment now—he is not here—he has been in the habit of paying Mr. Clements's drafts ever since he had an account at our house, which was when he first entered the army, I think—if this bill had been presented over the counter, and 1 had not heard anything about it previously, I should not have paid it if I had been there, both on account of the largeness of the sum, and a doubt of the handwriting—I think the writing would have prohibited me—I do not know whether it has ever been shown to my cashier—I was not a witness at the Police-court, or before a Grand Jury—I gave authority for the arrangement of Mr. Clements's affairs—I heard his statement on the subject of this bill before I saw it—my mind was prepared to suppose it was a forgery.

Q. You say you employed Mr. Pullman, was that on your solicitation or on his? A. He objected to act at all without the sanction of the young

man's guardians—we did not employ him as an agent, but merely as a barrister—he was to be paid as a barrister—the terms on which we were to employ him were five guineas a day when he was employed on these affairs only, if in Ireland—it was not positively stated how much he was to have in England—we have not come to a settlement, there may be one other clerk in our house besides the cashier, who knows Mr. Clements' handwriting—I have not directed the employment of Mr. Netherclift to examine this signature—I never heard of his being employed—I think my answer to Mr. Campbell when he asked me, whether it was my ward's bill, was, "It is like his handwriting"—it was after that that the action was brought.

COURT. Q. Have you been the guardian of Mr. Clements from the time of the death of his parents? A. Yes; previously to going into the army he was with a gentleman at Liege, a sort of military academy—he had been to school before that—he has been in the habit of corresponding with me from time to time, in his boyhood, when he was at Liege and since he became an officer, not very frequently—I think Cox and Co. negotiated the purchase of the cornetcy and lieutenancy—they did so under my sanction—and when he sold out also—(Letter read) "49, Strand, Friday, to Mr. Murdock. Sir, I have taken the liberty of writing to you as Mr. Clements' guardian, to beg that I may have an immediate settlement of my claim upon that gentleman. I would not be so urgent, but have 450l. of his overdue bills, and there being another due to-morrow for 300l., which I do assure you I have not funds to meet, and as I am but a few years in business, the return of such a bill, and my inability to meet it, the consequences to me would be almost ruinous; it cannot possibly make any difference to Mr. Clements whether I am paid now or in a week hence, and to me it is a matter of vital importance. I merely ask that Mr. Clements will act as fairly by me as I did by him; begging that you will favourably consider what I have written, and that I may be favoured with an early reply; I am, Sir, your obedient servant, LEWIS JOEL."


COURT
to
MR. CLEMENTS. Q. Look at the signature and the body of that bill, in whose handwriting do you believe them to be? A. I have not the least idea; it certainly is not mine—the signature, "Lewis Joel" is the prisoner's writing—I never accepted a bill in blank—I never wrote my description, "Lieutenant, 13th Light Dragoons" on a blank stamp—neither that or the name are in my handwriting.




GUILTY

of Uttering. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

