



327. 




MOSES BARNETT



, feloniously receiving 6 lbs. weight of indigo, value 1l. 13s.; the goods of 



John Gerard Wich and another.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY SELLERS
 (a prisoner). I was fifteen years old last June—I live at 5, Brown's-buildings, with my father, who is a workman in the East India warehouses. I was in the service of Messrs, Wich, Newman, and Co., indigo brokers, as errand-boy—I had been nine months, or a little more, in their employ, before I saw the prisoner—I first saw him in Oct., when I was in Mincing-lane, with an errand-boy, named Frederick George Woodgate, who works for Milner and Co., of Hart-street, Crutchedfriars—the prisoner said, "Boy!" and beckoned to me—I was standing leaning my back against the railings of the Commercial coffee-rooms—he had a basket on his back, which he mostly carries with him, strapped across his shoulders—I left Woodgate standing against the Commercial coffee-rooms, and went to him; he was on the opposite side of the street—he came halfway across the road, and I went halfway across, met him, and we walked back to the pavement where he was before—I left Woodgate—the prisoner said to me, "Boy, are you not in the indigo trade?"—I said, "Yes"—he asked who I was employed by—I said, "By Messrs. Wich, Newman, and Co."—he asked whether they were not

some relation to Messrs. Wich and Gadsbury, of Great Tower-street—I said I believed they were—he asked me whether my master had any old indigo samples for sale—I told him no, my master always returned his samples to the warehouses—he stopped to consider, and I asked him what he wanted with me—he said, "Who do you let have your dust?" (meaning indigo dust)—I said I had no perquisites; it is sometimes the boys' perquisites—he said, "Then you get high wages?"—I said I did not, my wages were 5s. a week when I was employed at sale times, which lasted a fortnight; and if my master wanted me on any other day he gave 1s. a day for it—he said, "That is very low;" he knew boys smaller than me, and not so old, who got more money—I said, "Do you; I wish I had a better place, but the work is light, and my master is very kind to me"—he told me he could tell me how I could get more money—I asked, "How is that?"—he said, "Your master has a great many indigo samples down; if he has got 100 samples down, and you only take one square out of each, it only weighs one ounce, you will have 100 ounces, bring them to me and I will buy them of' you"—I said, "An honest penny is worth a silver shilling, and I will not do it"—at that time Woodgate came up and said, "Wich, I am going" (we go by our master's names)—I said, "Good bye, Mill," that was his employer—he went through the sale-rooms which lead from Mincing-lane to Mark-lane—Barnett left me and followed him—I did not see whether he spoke to him; I was in a hurry—this was about half-past ten in the morning—I think there were sales going on; it was in the middle of sale times, but they do not begin until twelve—I had to take some samples from my master's to Mr. Milner to be put up in the sale, and I had to go to Messrs. Mason and Co., in Mincing-lane, to get some samples—the sale is on the second Tuesday in the month, and this was a week after they had begun—I saw him frequently between that time and 6th Dec.—I might have seen him to speak to him about three times a week, or more, but I shunned him as much as I could—it was only when I met with him coming out of a broker's sale-rooms that I used to speak to him—he addressed me; he always asked me if I had made up my mind—I saw him on Friday, 6th Dec, between Hart-street and Crutched-friars—that was not during the sale times; the sales were over about four weeks then—I was not in regular employ at that time; I had had no work the whole of that week—I was standing thinking, and he said, "What are you breaking your head about, when the golden ball is so near your hand?"—I said, "Nothing"—he asked me whether I had made up my mind—I told him yes, and asked him whether I should bring him some down next morning—he said, "No, it is my Shobbosh, let me see you down on Monday morning as early as possible"—I went to my master's on the Monday to see if there was anything for me to do; I called in every morning to see—I went about nine o'clock, or a quarter past; I do not think it was later—I took five pounds of indigo; I weighed it—(Barnett told me on the Friday afternoon that he lived at 16, Grace's-alley, Well's-street, Wellclose-square)—I took it from a chest under the large table in the show-room, put it into two brown-paper parcels, and put one into each pocket—there was no clerk there—I took it to Barrett's shop; he keeps an old clothes shop—there are clothes in the window, which was shut down—there is no appearance of any other trade—the door is half

glass, and is always shut—I got there about a quarter to ten—I went straight there—Mrs. Barnett was standing at the door; she opened it directly she saw me, and called out, "Barney," without my telling her my errand—the prisoner came from the parlour, which is alongside the kitchen—they both open into the shop by glazed doors—Barnett looked round, and seeing the servant in the kitchen, who could see into the shop, he put a pair of trowsers into my hand and said, "Oh, you want a pair of trowsers"—I looked at them, and did not know what to say—he said, "Oh, if they don't suit you, come this way," and took me behind the counter, where the servant could not see us—there were scales on the floor—I took the indigo out of my pocket, untied it, and put it into the scale—he weighed it, and said there was only 3lbs.—I looked down, and said there was 5lbs.—he said, "Oh, ah! I make a mistake"—he gave me five shillings for it—I had not made any arrangement with him about it previously—next morning I stole 4lbs. more, out of the same chest, and took it to Barnett—he was standing at the door with a round cap on—it was about ten o'clock—the breakfast things were on his table, and he showed me a meerschaum pipe—I asked him the price of it, and he said he would take 6lbs. of indigo for it; he would take the 4lbs. then, and trust to ray generosity to give him the other two—I said he wanted to make too much of a market of me, wanting six shillings for a pipe which I could buy for a half-crown any where—he pressed it upon me, but I got off it by telling him I did not smoke—he said it was a real meerschaum, and very good, but it was not—he gave me four shillings for the indigo—his wife came out of the parlour, and asked me whether I could get her any saffron; I said I would see—she said, "Because I use it for colouring my soup"—I said, "What! instead of turmeric?"—she said, "Yes"—saffron is 32s. per lb.—be said he would give me a very good price, fourpence an ounce—I don't know the price of turmeric—next afternoon I went to my master's—I had to clean the place up—I did not get any saffron—I looked in the drawers, and came across the cochineal drawer—I took 4lbs. of cochineal, and took it to Barnett—I said he must give me a good price, for it was very high in the market (the price in the market was from 5s. to 7s. 6d. per lb.; my master had sold some that morning at 5s.)—Barnett gave me 1s. per lb., telling me that it did not fetch more than half a crown in the market—next day I stole 5lbs. more of indigo, and took it to Barnett—he said, "You are going on anyhow; you are bringing it like a maid drinks"—I said I could not do any better; I was insolent to him, but I don't recollect the words I said—he said, "Watch it, how you are going on, for I will split"—I forgot to mention that, when I was up at the court; I was flurried—on Thursday morning, Dec. 1st., I stole some more indigo from another box, called the square box—I think it was 10lbs.; I did not weigh it—I cut some slits in the lining of my coat, and put it between the lining and the cloth—I then went into the counting-house, and Mr. Appel the clerk laid hold of me by the pocket, and found what I had got—something then passed between me and my master, and while he went out for an officer I helped Mr. Appel to mark the indigo with "A," his initial—I then put them into the bags again—I left one bag there, and took the other, which weighed 6lbs., to Barnett (the bags were what I carried my ground-bait in when I went fishing)—the officers in plain clothes walked behind me—Barnett was standing at the door—I went in, took the bag out of my pocket, and gave

it to him—he took it behind the counter, where the scales were usually kept and gave me four shillings, which I kept in my right hand—I only had one penny in my pocket and a pipe—I went out and took off my cap, which the officer had told me to do for him to see which house I came out of—I gave the money to Trew.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Who do you live with? A. My father and mother—I get my food with them—I am their only child—my father is a coach-painter, but works as a labourer in the employ of the East India Company, in the docks—before I went into Messrs. Wich's employ I was with Mr. Hopcroft, a newspaper agent of Mincing-lane—I was not turned away from there—I left because the walking was too much for me—I was out of employ about two months before I got into Mr. Wich's—I have never been in gaol, or ever in a Court, either as a witness or a spectator—I did not go and tell my master directly the prisoner first spoke to me about robbing my master—I was excessively indignant—I felt that such a thing was an insult to a virtuous boy—I had never wronged anybody of a pin; I thought I had strength enough in my own fortitude to keep away from doing it—I saw my master two hours afterwards—he is very kind to me—I saw my father and mother that night—I did not say a word to them; if I had, they would have put a stop to it—my father would have taken me directly to my master, and taken my master to this Jew, and had him brought up, and ray father would not have encouraged me in dishonesty—I did not look out for a policeman when I saw the prisoner in Hart-street—I most always saw him in Mincing-lane—there were people about there—I knew about turmeric, because I used to live in the same house with some German Jews, and used to hear them talk about putting turmeric in their soup—I have heard them say shobbosh, for sabbath, and knew that it was the regular word—I spent the money Barnett gave me, in pastry and foolishness, tobacco, apples, and nuts—I do smoke—I told Barnett I did not, because he perforced the pipe on me—he had never seen me smoking.





FREDERICK GEORGE WOODGATE
. I live with my father at 6, Hand-court, Upper Thames-street, and am in the service of Mr. Milner, indigo broker, of Crutched-friars—I know Sellers and the prisoner—I was with Sellers in Mincing-lane, and we met the prisoner, who beckoned with his head to Sellers from the other side of the way—Sellers and I went half-way over to him—Sellers went to Barnett, and I left them, and did not speak to him after I saw him speaking to Barnett—I did not say, "I am going," or anything of the sort that I recollect; I am not quite sure—I have known Barnett about six months—he has spoken to me three or four times—it was before he spoke to Sellers—he has not spoken to me on the subject of Sellers and his employers.

Cross-examined. Q. What time of day was this? A. Between twelve and one o'clock, I think, I am not certain—I knew then that Barnett lived at Grace's-alley, Wellclose-square; he had told me so—when I used to meet him it was in Mincing-lane, Hart-street, and Crutched-friars—I do not know that he used to attend sales.





GEORGE APPEL
. I am clerk to John Gerard Wich and Co.; he has only one partner; they are commission-merchants, at 11 Bury-court, St. Mary-axe. Sellers was in their occasional employ as errand-boy; he had access to the room where the sample boxes were kept—my suspicions

were aroused by some cochineal being missed, and on 12th Dec, about half-past nine o'clock, I stopped Sellers coming down from the sampling-room, and told him to take out what he had in his pockets—he took out this indigo, and made a communication to me—I marked it, and gave him back a portion of it in a bag—Mr. Wich had gone for an officer, and we followed Sellers to Barnett's shop—the prisoner was standing there with a white hat on—Sellers went in—I passed the house, but could not see what was going on in the shop—the prisoner followed Sellers in directly—in two or three minutes Sellers came out, and went towards the officers—in about two minutes I followed the officers into the shop, and saw the prisoner in his back-parlour standing looking at some indigo which, was in a scale on a chair by the fireplace.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not hear him Ray anything? A. No; I think something passed, but I was about five steps behind the officers, and I cannot hear very well—I had marked each piece of indigo by Mr. Wich's directions—the wholesale price of it is 5s. 6d. or 6s. per lb.





GEORGE TREW
 (City-policeman, 26). On 12th Dec. Mr. Wich applied to me, and I saw some indigo marked—I and Mr. Appel and another officer then followed Sellers to Grace's-alley—I and the other officer watched from inside a public-house opposite, and saw Sellers go into the prisoner's house; he remained in two or three minutes, came out, and pulled his cap off with his left hand, which we had arranged that he should do if he sold the indigo—I went across to him, and found 4s. in his hand—we then went into the shop and into the back-parlour—the boy went in first—I was close by him, and saw the prisoner standing with a scoopscale with some indigo in it, examining it—I said, "Mr. Barnett, I want that indigo that you have bought of this lad"—he said, "Here it is, I have not bought it, the boy has left it"—I said, "The boy says he sold it to you for 4s., and I have got the money"—he made no reply—I said we were officers in plain clothes, and we must take him in charge, and search his place—he said, "You are welcome to search"—I took the indigo; it was the same that had been marked—the shop appeared outside to be an old clothes-shop—I searched, and found a bag of rice, three bags of raw coffee, one bag of gutta-percha, a bag of chestnuts, some bags containing samples of sugar, a bag of nux-vomica, a bag of calculus indices, some spices, and various samples in bottles; they have been given up to him; a small paper parcel of arrowroot, seventy cigars, and other articles; I have not got a list of them—they were all in the shop under the counter except the cigars, and they were in a cupboard in the bedroom—the gutta-percha was standing in front going into the shop—I found no more indigo.

Cross-examined. Q. You took all these things into your possession? A. I did; I have returned every one of them to the prisoner's friends—I kept them for about a fortnight.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I suppose you made inquiry about them? A. Yes; I found out that a great many of them had been purchased, and I found bills of them on the files—I found no bill of the indigo.





GEORGE APPEL

re-examined. Nothing was done with these pieces of indigo when they were taken out of the bag except marking them and putting them into the bag—I know what sample-dust is, it is not a perquisite of the errand-boy's that I know—the indigo produced is not sample-dust.


MR. HUDDLESTON
submitted that upon this evidence the prisoner could not be found guilty, even supposing credit was given to the boy's statement, that to substantiate a charge of receiving, there must first be evidence of a larceny; and if, as in this case, after the original taking, the goods came again into the possession of the master, a subsequent accepting them, even with a guilty knowledge, would not amount to the offence charged; the same point arose in Reg. v. Lyons, 1 Car. and Mar. 217, which was, however, decided adversely to the prisoner. The
COURT
did not think there was anything in the objection.)
(Mr. Samuel Gregory, solicitor, Lord Mayor's Court-office, and 25, Theberton-street, Islington; and Lewis Cowan, of 65 Great Prescott-street, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)
(MR. BALLANTINE
proposed, in reply to the evidence to character, to call a witness for the purpose of proving an invitation by the prisoner to the witness to rob his employer.
MR. HUDDLESTON
contended that this could not be done, except where a previous conviction was charged.
MR. BALLANTINE
put it on this ground, that as witnesses to character were called with a view to show that the party charged was unlikely to commit the particular act, it was competent to him to rebut that, character by tuck evidence as he proposed to adduce. The
COURT
was of opinion that the evidence could not be received.
MR. BALLANTINE
further proposed to call a witness, and to ask him whether he had ever heard anything against the prisoner, referring as an authority for this to Reg. v. Stannard. 7 Car. and Payne. The
RECORDER
did not think such a question could be put; it would be perfectly admissible to prove that he bore a bad character in his own neighbourhood; but as the Court had not permitted proof of another offence to be given, mere hearsay to that effect was clearly not evidence; he thought it was competent to give counter evidence of general reputation, and such evidence he would receive, reserving the point if necessary.
MR. BALLANTINE
rather than incur any delay, did not press the matter farther.)




GUILTY
. Aged 56.—


Transported or Ten Years.)
