




1756. 




CHARLES JOHN COOPER
 and 




WILLIAM CROMER



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; the goods of 



Parkins Jones, from his persons. 2nd COUNT, charging Cromer with receiving.






PARKINS JONES
. I am relieving-officer of Fulham Union. On 3rd July, between 7 and 8 o'clock, I was at Putney fair—a policeman spoke to me, and I missed my handkerchief, which I had seen two minutes before—I saw the prisoners run away, jump over a ditch, and run into the osiers—I saw a handkerchief pass between them—the policeman pursued, and took them.





LIONEL HODDER
 (policeman, V 52). I produce a certificate of the death of the policeman, Edward Cock—I saw him dead—I was present when he was examined before the Magistrate—his deposition was read over to him, and the prisoners had an opportunity of cross-examining him—(Edward Cock's deposition was here read as follows: "I am a constable, No. 245 V; on the evening of 3rd July I saw the prisoners together in Finch's-field, Putney, where a fair was held; seeing them attempt to pick several pockets, I watched them two hours, and then saw them behind Mr. Jones; I spoke to Mr. Jones, and with him followed the prisoners; they ran away into the osier-beds, among the mud and dirt, and tried to make their escape; I followed, and saw the handkerchief close to Cromer's feet, in the osiers.")—I was with Cock that day watching the prisoners—I saw each of them make several attempts at gentlemen's pockets—they both closed behind Mr. Jones Cooper appeared to be tugging at his pocket—he appeared to pass something to Cromer—they then moved away in a great hurry, and I spoke to thing Mr. Jones—we followed the prisoners into the osier-bed—just as I got by the tide of Cromer, he threw this handkerchief (produced) in between the osiers—I took Cooper, and my brother constable took Cromer and the handkerchief.





PARKINS JONES

re-examined. This is my handkerchief.

COOPER—



GUILTY
of Stealing.
 Aged 18.—



Confined Three Months.


CROMER—



GUILTY
of Receiving.
 Aged 18.—He was also charged with


having been before convicted; to which he pleaded Guilty.—


Transported for Seven Years.

