



1643. 




WILLIAM BROWN
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a forged warrant, for 4l.; with intent to defraud 



George Cohen.—2nd COUNT, calling it an order.


MR. METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE HAY
. I am in the service of George Cohen, who keeps an outfitter's shop, in the Royal Mint-street. On 22nd July, the prisoner came with another sailor and a female, and asked me if I would cash this 4l. advance-note—he gave his name Rixon, and asked for half money and half clothes—I told him I would give him 15s. in money, and the rest in clothes—he agreed, and I did so—he made his mark on the note, as he could not write—(note read—"22nd July, 1850, six days after the ship Bellona has sailed from Gravesend, pay W. Rixon, or bearer, 4l., provided he has sailed in the above ship; payable at John Hall's, 33, Fenchurch-street")—I asked him where the ship was—he said it was lying at Deptford—I afterwards endeavoured to find John Hall, of Fenchurch-street, but could not—on the 28th I saw the prisoner in Bermondsey—he said, "I don't know you at all"—I gave him in charge—I am sure he is the same man—he was in the shop half an hour, and I went up to Spitalfields with him, to a man who was to be security for the note, but he declined.





SAMUEL BULL
 (policeman). The prisoner was given into my charge—I can find no Mr. Hall in Fenchurch-street—I asked the prisoner what ship he belonged to—he said the Bellona, and he told the inspector so as well.





CHARLES CARTER
. I am clerk in the General Registry and Report office, opposite the Custom-house—the bills of entry of all merchant vessels clearing outwards and inwards are brought there every day—I keep an entry of them—I have examined it from the beginning of July up to 3rd Sept., and find no vessel named the Bellona.


Prisoner's Defence. I was going away next morning in the Mississippi; I left the ship at dinner-time on the 28th, with five shipmates, and the officer took me; I never saw the prosecutor before; I have lost my ship and my chest of clothes; my shipmates were obliged to go to sea.





SAMUEL BULL

re-examined. There were no sailors with him when I took him—I found these papers on him—(one of these was signed H. W. Smith, of Bristol, certifying that William Brown had sailed with him in the Flora from New Orleans to Bristol; another was a certificate of discharge from the Bellons



at Bristol, on 5th July, 1850, signed W. H. Smith, master. There were also torn pieces of other certificates, and all were in the same handwriting.)

Prisoner. I left the Flora, and coming from London in the train with my five shipmates I lost my discharge; I told a person of it in the train, who was a namesake of mine; he said he would give me his, which he said would do instead, and he made me out another in case I should lose that, but I shipped in the American ship, and therefore did not require them.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Talfourd.

