




945. 




ALEXANDER WARDROBE
 and 




BENJAMIN LEWITT



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Adam Uriah Bryant Meakin, and stealing 12 saucepans, and 225 tin plates, value 5l. 8s.; his property.—2nd COUNT, for receiving the same: both having been before convicted of felony.


MR. MEW
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK DIBON
 I am an apprentice to Mr. Meakin, a tin-worker, he lives at 27, Tun bridge-place, New-road; hit shop is in Lemon-tree-yard, Bedford bury. On Thursday night, 6th March, I locked up the shop—I was the last there—I came out with the men about eight or nine o'clock—I cannot fix the time nearer than that—seven is the usual time for shut ting the shop—it was later that evening—I returned to the shop between seven and half-past next morning, and found it had been broken open—the side window was broken open, and the counting-house door also—I sent for an officer—I know the prisoners—they have both been workmen of my masters—Lewitt was at this time, but Wardrobe had left.





ADAM URIAH BRYANT MEAKIN
. On Friday morning, about a quarter to eight o'clock, Dibon fetched me from my private residence to the shop—I found the shop had been broken into, and the counting-house window broken open—I searched and missed a doieu saucepans from the manuquantity factory, and a quantity of tin plates from the warehouse, besides a great of tea-kettles and other articles—(looking at some saucepans produced) these are my property—my figures are inside this one—I put them on myself—it is impossible to tell how much I have lost—I have missed as much as 5l.-worth—Lewitt was working with me at the time—I had taken Wardrobe into my employ about six weeks or two months previous to the robbery—he worked with me about, a week, and was then discharged.

Cross-examined by
MR. W. J. PAYNE. Q. How long had Lewitt been

in your employ, about twelve months A. Longer than that—I had a partner named Joseph Boyle—he is not so now—he is interested in the business, but is not a partner—he has 300l. in the business, and is paid a salary of 150l. a year—he has no per centage upon the amount of goods sold—I have lived in Bedfordbury about six months—before that I lived at 30, Francis-street, Tottenham-court-road for about nine months—before that I lived for about eighteen months close to the same premises—Lewitt was paid every Saturday—he was paid by piece work—I have never told him or the other men to take some of the goods instead of paying them money—I swear that—I had not on this day told Lewitt that he might take some of these saucepans away in order to pay himself, nothing of the sort—I do not know a person named Winter—I had no person of that name in my service to my knowledge—I have always gone by the name of Meakin; that is my proper name—I never went by the name of Bryant as my surname—Meakin was my father's name—I succeeded an uncle named Bryant in the business.

Wardrobe, Q. Did not I work the whole of last summer for you?A. Yes; but you were discharged—I took you on again for a week—it is not true that I only paid you money twice while you were with me—I did not tell you if you would come back you should have your money twice a week, Wednesday and Saturday, as I had a partner named Moody who had plenty of money—I have brought the wages book with me so that it may be seen that you received your money regularly as well as the other men.





EDMOND SMITH
. I am a broker, and live at 21, Lumley-court, St. Martin's-lane. On Thursday evening, 6th March, about eight o'clock, the two prisoners came to my shop to sell eight saucepans—these produced are part of them—I paid Lewitt for them.





WILLIAM SIMMONS
. I am a marin—store dealer, and live at 7, Bedford bury, within four or five doors of Mr. Meakin's shop. On Thursday evening, 6th March, between eight and nine, I was at a public-house opposite, and saw Wardrobe offering two saucepans for sale—I bought this one of him.





JOHN MACKNESS TUCK
 (policeman, F 101.) I took the prisoners into custody on Friday evening, 7tb March, about half-past nine, in Upper St. Martin's-lane—they were together—I told Lewitt he was suspected of breaking into Mr. Meakin's shop, in Bedfordbury—he said he knew nothing about it.





DOMINIC CORR
 (police-sergeant, F 15). I was with Smith, and took Wardrobe into custody—I said it was proper I should tell him on what charge I had taken him; he immediately replied, "I don't want to hear it; I don't want to know anything about it, you know your duty and I know mine; you don't want me or expect me to say any thing to criminate myself"—I said that I should tell him, and he interrupted me and did not want to hear it—in going along, the other constable had Lewitt a short distance in advance, and Wardrobe cried out to him, "Have nothing to say to that fellow, mind what you are about"—he had been drinking but was sober—since the prisoners were committed, from information I received, I have subpoenaed another witness, a cabman.






THOMAS RUMBOLD
. I am a caiman. On Friday, 7th March, about one o'clock in the night, I was on the rank in Bedford-street, Covent-garden,

about 150 yards from Bedfordbury—the prisoners hired me, and ordeied me to the corner of George-street New-road, and from there to 46, Crescent-street, Euston-square—I left them there—they had with them from fifteen to twenty tea kettles and a quantity of plate tin, which they took into the house in Crescent-street—I did not know the prisoners before—I am positive they are the men.

Wardrob., Q. Are you positive it was me? A. Yes, I am sure of both of you.

Wardrobe's Defence. On 6th March, I was at work for a person named Field, a tin-worker; Lewitt called on me and said, "If you are not comfortably situated you can come and work for Mr. Meakin; and now we have money on Saturday night and goods in the week, but if you have goods in the week you must pay master for them on Saturday night, because be does not let his partner know it" I went, and met him at dinner-time and had a pint of porter with him; I stood two or three pints; he said he would go over and see Mr. Meakin, he did not suppose be should get any money but he should get some goods, he had some on Tuesday, but in an unfinished state, and was obliged to take less; he went several times, and Mr. Meakin said he should not have them till the evening; in the evening he brought them; I was sitting there having tone porter, one of the witnesses, Simmonds, caught hold of one saucepan sod looked at it, and I being in a muddled state, said, "I will sell you that one cheap," and he bought it; Lewitt said he wished I had sold the lot; he sold the other eight; I got the worse for liquor, and went home and was in bed by eleven o'clock; as far as regards anything else, I am totally innocent.





GEORGE WINTER
. I am a tin-plate worker—I have been in the employ of Mr. Meakin three weeks—I am not in his employ now; I left about five weeks ago, after the robbery. About twelve o'clock on the previous night to Mr. Meakin's place being broken open, Lewitt came up into the shop to me and said Mr. Meakin had no money, but he was to have the eight tin quart-saucepans that were in the shop, and about a quarter to five Lewitt took them out of the shop—I believe that to be the time—it is the general practice in the shop for the men to have goods instead of their wages—I have had them myself—I know nothing about the shop being broken open between eight and nine—I only know that the saucepans were taken out about a quarter to five—I saw Lewitt take them out while all the men in the shop were at work—the witness Dibon was not there—the other apprentice was—Dibon was down-stairs; I was up in the workshop when I saw Lewitt take the saucepans—they were underneath one of the benches—I do not know who put them there—they were pot there, I suppose, because they were unfinished—they were unfinished when they were taken away—I saw Lewitt take them away out of the workshop—pretty well all the men were at work at the time—there was a young man named Charley Rayner, and a young man they eall St. Andrew—I do not know his other name—I had only been there a short time (three weeks)—I scarcely knew their names—those are the only names I can tell you—I did not see Wardrobe at all on the occasion.

Cross-examined by
MR. MEW. Q. How long had you been living with Mr. Meakin? A. I had been there rather more than a fortnight, then—I was with him three weeks altogether—there were eleven men at work in the shop—there is nobody else on the premises—the goods are

generally kept down-stairs in the warehouse, but these saucepans, being unfinished, were up in the shop—I call these saucepans (those produced) unfinished—they look like the saucepans that Lewitt took—they have every appearance of it.

COURT. Q. Are those unfinished saucepans? A. Yes; they want the handles in front of them—they were all of one size that were taken out of the shop—(Dominic Corr, the police-sergeant here stated, "We have produced nine, eight of one size and one of another.")

MR. MEW. Q. How many saucepans were left in the shop after these went out? A. None at all; these were all that were in the shop—I am quite sure there were no saucepans left—Lewitt took the saucepans out of the shop while all the eleven men were there—they must all have seen him—I took away nothing at that time—but the day before, I and the others in the shop had two tea-kettles each, all the men in the shop—I cannot say how many tea-kettles were then left—they were kept down-stairs in the warehouse—they wanted money, the same as I did, and Mr. Meakin said he could not let us have any money—I went and sold my two kettles for 8d. a piece, and they were charged 1s. each to us—I cannot say who I sold them to, it was over Blackfriars-bridge—I cannot tell the name—it was the first turning on the right over Blackfriars-bridge—the other men took theirs with mine—I cannot tell the name of the street, it was a few doors up on the right-hand side.

Q. In coming down from the workshop above must you go through the warehouse to go out at the door? A. No; you are not obliged to go out at the warehouse.

COURT. Q. Then you got these two tea-kettles for 2s. wages, did you? A. Yes; it is the general practice for the men to have them, if they want anything in the week.

MR. MEW. Q. And there are eleven other men who are all paid in the same way, are there? A. Yes; they take the 1s. 4d. for their 2s.—they are obliged to put up with it—Mr. Meakin did not give good wages—it is one of the worst shops I ever was in for price—he does not give as good wages as other persons—he pays 1s. 4d. instead of 2s., even after reducing the wages to the lowest price—a person in going from the workshop would not necessarily pass through the warehouse to go out—he would come down one of the fly-stairs into the yard—the workmen generally went out through the yard—there are two ladders to go up, to enter the workshop—we all went out together, with a kettle in each hand, one after the other, all in a row—it was pouring with rain, and we got wet through in the afternoon, while we were going about trying to sell them—I cannot tell how many kettles a man can make in a day—there was only one man in the shop that made tea-kettles, that was Lewitt—he could make two dozen in a day—it was about a quarter to five o'clock when the men went away in this way—Mr. Boyle and Mr. Meakin were generally there in the day time—there was nobody in the yard—it was at a tin-plate shop that I sold the tea-kettles—they did not know me—I did not go in myself—I did not sell them—they were all sold together, in one lot—it would not look well for us all to go in together, all the twenty-two were in one lot—a young man they call "Young Jack" took them in—he left Mr. Meakin before I left—he was called "Jack" in the shop—I do not know his other name—I stood out in the street while they were sold—Jack was dressed as a mechanic, in a frock-coat—he was in a working dress—he did

not tell us, before be sold them, that the shop-keeper had offared 8d. a piece—we had told him to get 10d.—we were so tired with walking about we were glad to take anything—we told him, if he could, to get 10d., and if not to take as much as he could get—we came to that resolution in the street—we talked it over in the street, before Jack went in, at the foot of Blackfriars-bridge, as we were going along—I was only with Mr. Meakin three weeks, and I have only had goods once myself, but I have heard the men in the shop say it is a general practice, they are often obliged to do it—the first week I was there I saw Charley Rayner go out with a footpan, which he said be had bad for money—so he told me—I do not know where he sold it—the shop the kettles were sold at is in a street the first turning on the right over Black friars-bridge, and I should say about twelve houses down—I do not recollect the name of the street—it is a tin-plate shop—I do not know that they make up their own goods—they sell tin piste goods—I was never there for myself—not at all—I believe the other men have been there—I left Mr. Meakia about five weeks since, just after this robbery—it might have been three days after—I heard of this robbery the next day—I left on the Saturday—I beard of the prisoners being taken into custody before I left, the same day—Mr. Meakin told me towards the evening—none of the other men left—yes; I made a mistake, young Jack left, and did not come back any more, I have not seen him since that I have been working for a person named Tipping, a tin-plate worked at St. Mary-at-hill—it is not a general practice in our trade to give a week's notice before we leave—the master generally sacks the men as he likes, and it is at the men's option when they leave—I do not know the Dimes of any of the other men except Jack.


COURT. Q. Does Mr. Meakin manage his own business? A. No; Mr. Boyle, I believe—Mr. Meakin gives out the work and takes it in, and Mr. Boyle pays the men their wages—I am not aware that Mr. Meakin give out any work the day before the robbery, but be generally gives the work out, and Mr. Boyle pays the wages on Saturday night—the work was given out just as the men wanted it; there was no set time for it—I was making saucepans at the time the eight saucepans were taken—I did not make the ten-quart saucepans, they had been at the shop before I was there—when men have goods for their money in the week it is generally entered in the book as money, and Mr. Boyle stops it as money; it is not put down as goods—I received 6s. 6d. as wages when I left on the Saturday—I am quite sure I did not receive more.

MR. MEW
re-called






FREDERICK DIBON
. There were some saucepans up-stairs when I shut up the shop on the Thursday evening; I do not know how many, I did not notice—I saw them there the last thing; I am sure of that—I saw Lewitt go out that evening when I shut up with the other men; he had no saucepans with him—my duty was all about the place—I cannot say whether Lewitt could have gone out with eight saucepans without my seeing him—there was no other way for him to go but through where I was—I was up in the shop with Lewitt—I cannot say whether I was seat out or not; I was there in the evening—I know George Winter as a workman of my master's—I do not recollect his being there that day; I cannot say be was not—the saucepans that I saw in the workshop were ten-quart.


MR. MEAKIN
re-examined. I left the shop on Thursday evening, about five o'clock—I had not told Lewitt prior to that that he might take some of the saucepans—there is not a way out of the warehouse into the back-yard; there are not two ways out—they cannot go out without being seen, because the manufactory is above the warehouse, and there is a ladder which goes from the floor of the warehouse and counting-house into the manufactory, and they are obliged to descend this ladder to go out and pass the window of the counting-house—it was impossible for any person to have gone by at a quarter to five with these saucepans without my seeing them—I was in the counting-house at that time—the counting-house and warehouse are as one—Lewitt came to me that day for some money; he did not have any—I told him if 6d. would save his life I would not give it him, for his conduct during the week—he had been drinking all the week—I did not authorize him to take anything—I left at five the evening before—I did not return after that—at the time I left the saucepans in question were up-stairs, in the warehouse—there were a dozen—I am sure they were there when I left, at five—I did not see Lewitt there—when I returned in the morning the dozen saucepans were all gone.

COURT
Q. Do you ever pay your men in tea-kettles? A. Never; I never knew of their taking away twenty-two tea-kettles; I had not the slightest idea of such a thing.

Lewitt. I have got a bill here that will show that I was in the habit of having goods to a large amount (handing in a paper). Witness. It was all money lent.

COURT. Q. Did you owe Lewitt any money at the time he asked you for it? A. Not any—this is not a bill of goods sold by me to the prisoner; he may have had some few goods at times, but that was for himself, and charged to him, which he has never paid me for—I went into the workshop before I left, and am sure these dozen ten-quart saucepans were there—the prisoners did not come to work on the Saturday morning—there were about twenty-five kettles missing.





JAMES POSSEE
 (policeman, L 60). The first turning over Blackfrian-bridge, on the right-hand side, is Upper Ground-street—it is on my beat—I have been on that beat four and a half years—I know the street well—there is no shop on the right-hand side of that street at all, nor any tinplate shop in the street—there is no shop in Stamford-street of that sort, nor in Collingwood-street, which is the next street to Stamford-street.





EDMUND CHARLES GERNON
 (policeman, S 272). I produce a certificate—(read—Clerkenwell: Alexander Wardrobe, convicted Aug., 1847; confined nine months)—I was present at that trial—Wardrobe is that man.





JAMES POSSEE

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Lewitt's former conviction at Newington—I was present at the trial—(read—Convicted May, 1849; confined three months.)

WARDROBE—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.



Transported for Seven Years.

LEWITT—


GUILIY
. Aged 28.)
(The witness Winter was committed by the Court)
