



428. 




JAMES BARNARD
 was indicted

for a robbery on 



Henry David Green, and stealing from his person 1l. 7s.; his moneys.


MESSRS. M.PRENDERGAST
and
POLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY DAVID GREEN
. I am clerk in the employ of Chaplin and Horne. On Saturday, 29th Jan., I was returning from the City, and was in High-street, in the Borough, about 9 o'clock in the evening—I was rather the worse for liquor, but I knew what I was about—I saw the prisoner just before I got to the Town-hall, and we went, conversing together—I had had no acquaintance with him before—we walked on, and went to the Swan Inn, in the Dover-road, kept by Mr. Speechley—we there had each of us a glass of wine—I paid for it—when we left the Swan Inn, I went towards home,

across Trinity-square, to Horsemonger-lane—the prisoner went with me; when we got to Horsemonger-lane, we went to an oyster stall—that was about five minutes' walk from the Swan—we each of us had some oysters—I paid for some of them—we left together for the purpose of going home—I did not count what money I had when I left the oyster stall, but I know when I left the City I had a sovereign in gold, and some silver—I had not changed the sovereign when I left the oyster stall; nothing happened till I got close to the pavement of the house where I live, which was about a minute's walk—the prisoner then grasped me by the throat, and threw me on my back—he thrust his hand into my pocket—he grasped me so tightly that I thought I must have been strangled—all the next day I could take nothing but a little sago—when I got inside I missed my money—all the money was gone out of this pocket, which is the one that the prisoner's hand was in, and it is torn—I am as certain that the prisoner is the person as I am of my own existence.

Prisoner. Q. What did you speak to me about first? A. I am sure I cannot tell; I certainly was not sober—I cannot tell whether I pushed up against you in a crowded place like the Borough—I do not remember pushing against you, and saying, "I beg your pardon; what will you have to drink?"—I remember going to a publichouse with you—I do not remember your saying," I can pay for what I want to drink myself"—I have said the same now as I said at the police court—(the witness's deposition was here read, at the prisoner's request, and agreed with his evidence.)

COURT. Q. How long were you with him altogether? A. It wanted 10 minutes to 10 o'clock when I got home, and it was about 9 o'clock when I met him by the Town-hall.





SAMUEL KETCHLER
. I keep an oyster stall, in Horsemonger-lane. I was at my stall on the evening of 29th Jan.—Green and the prisoner came to my stall about 10 o'clock—they had some oysters—I opened 6d. worth first, for which the prosecutor paid—I then opened 3d. worth more, for which the prisoner paid—the prisoner then took the prosecutor by the arm, and led him down the road—I saw them cross over to the square—I knew the prisoner when I saw him again, because he had got a black eye.





THOMAS RICHARDS
 (police sergeant, M 10). I apprehended the prisoner on the following Sunday, 30th Jan., in the Dun Horse, in High-street—I said, "Barney, I want you"—he came to the door, and I said I wanted him, on a charge of highway robbery—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I said, "I mean that man that you were drinking wine with at Mr. Speechley's last night"—he said, "I did have a glass of wine with the man, but I left him at the door"—I found one shilling on him.

Prisoner. Q. How was it you did not take me on Saturday night, when you saw me at the White Swan? A. I did not see you there—if I had I should have taken you.





WILLIAM SPEECHLEY
. I keep the Swan Inn. I remember the prosecutor and the prisoner coming to my house on Saturday evening, 29th Jan.—they had two glasses of wine, and both went out together.

Prisoner. The man who took my money for a counsel is not here.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

