





260. 




WILLIAM SMITH,



 WILLIAM WHITE
, and 



JOHN SMITHSERS



, stealing 6 spoons, 3 forks, and 1 butter-knife, value 62. 15s.; the goods of 



John Cassell, in his dwelling-house: Smith having been before convicted.


MR. COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution.






HELEN BUCKNELL
. I am housemaid to Mr. John Cassell, of 35, Acacia-road, St. John's-wood, St. Marylebone—it is his dwelling-house—I have charge of the plate, I saw it safe on 5th Nov., at a quarter-past ten o'clock in the morning, on the kitchen dresser—there was two table-spoons, one dessert-fork, one butter-knife, three tea-spoons, two plated forks, and one dessert-spoon—they were worth between 5l. and 6l.—I went out shortly after ten, leaving the plate on the dresser—I returned in about half an hour, but did not miss the plate till one o'clock—I had left Kate Francis, my fellow-servant, in the house, and Mr. Cassell's mother—there is a small garden in front of the house.





ROBERT TAYLOR
. I live with my father, a baker, at 2, St. John-street, Portland-town. On 5th Nov. I was in Acacia-road, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoners, Smith and White, coming out of Mr. Cassell's garden gate—they both had some silver spoons in their hands—Smith was shoving them into his pocket, and White was shoving them under his coat—they all went away together—there were other boys in the garden with a Guy, and after these two got a little way these others followed them—there were about six or seven of them—they were all in the garden.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You were ringing at a bell, were you not? A. Yes, at No. 32—I could tell that the spoons I saw were silver by the whiteness of them—1 did not know these boys before; I knew their faces again when I saw them at the station—there were a good many boys with the Guy, but I saw these two come out—I noticed Smith's hair, his cap did not cover all his hair—I also know him by his clothes—I did not see Smithers—I first saw them come out of Mr. Cassell's gate—the Guy was then in the garden.

MR. COCKLE. Q. Could you see the Guy from where you were? A. No, it was in the garden, but I heard the boys hurrahing—I saw the prisoners at the station two days after.





RICHARD BRAND
 (policeman, S 199). I apprehended Smith on 7th Nov., about five o'clock in the morning, at 17, Orcus-street, Lisson-grove—he was in bed—I told him I wanted him for stealing some plate from 35, Acacia-road, on 5th Nov.—he said, "I suppose you think it was me, because I was there?"—on my way to the station he said, "If you got this job clear against me, it will send me away with Don"—Don is the captain of this gang of thieves, and was transported for seven years the Session before last—I showed Smith to the witness Taylor at the station, and the moment Taylor identified him, he sung out very loud to White, who was in another cell,"Ginger, we are b----d now "—I took Smithers into custody on 20th Nov., at his father's—I told him I wanted him for being concerned with others, now in custody, in stealing some plate at 35, Acacia-road, on 5th Nov.—he said. "I was not the Guy Patty Sturgess was the Guy, and you ought to take the others."


Cross-examined. Q. What had you said to him before, he said "If you get this clear against me, it will send me away with Don?" A. Nothing more than I have stated; I put no question to him, amd did not pump him at all—Smith and White were shown to Taylor together, not mixed with others—another constable heard what Smith said, and Taylor was also present—White could hear what Smith said.





GEORGE COURT
 (policeman, S 308). I took White into custody between six and seven o'clock on the morning of 7th Nov., at 3, Orcus-street—he was in bed—I told him I wanted him for a robbery at 35, Acacia-road, on 5th Nov.—he said he was at home on that day—he afterwards said, "Oh, I was there with a Guy"—on our way to the station, he said he supposed he should get lagged over the job, and then he should remember the 5th of Nov.—he asked if the rest were taken—I told him Smith was at the station.





JENKIN THOMAS POULSUM
. I am a boot and shoemaker, and live at 4, Frederick-street, St. John's-wood. I know the three prisoners perfectly well—as I was going up Townsend-road, about twenty-five minutes past ten o'clock, I saw all three of them at the corner—White was smoking a short pipe—they were going towards Mr. Cassell's house—when I saw them last, they were about twelve yards from the house.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you are a master bootmaker? A. Yes; I did not speak to the prisoners when I saw them—I saw a Guy in the road, and a number of boys with it—these three were following them, but separated from the others.





HANNAH LEAT
. I live at 2, Orcus-street. On 5th Nov., I saw Smith and Smithers in Orcus-street, about eleven o'clock in the morning, with two other boys who are not here—I heard a taller boy than them say either "Be quick," or "Make haste" and I looked round, and Smithers was in the act of putting a plated or silver spoon or fork into his pocket, I could not say which it was.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the lads before? A. I had seen them before—I did not see the tall boy pass the fork or spoon to Smithere—I saw Smithers in the act of putting it in his pocket.





HENRY CURRIE
. I live with my mother at 2, Orcus-street—I saw White and Smith in Orcus-street on Guy Fawkes day in the afternoon—I cannot say what time it was—Smith was tossing with another boy—he had a half-sovereign, and some silver in a little box.





JOHN MANNING
 (policeman, D 44). I produce a certificate—(read William Smithy convicted at Clerkenwell, March, 1845; Confined six months)—I was present at the trial—Smith is the person.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


WHITE—


GUILTY
.—Aged 16.—



Confined Ten Months.


SMITHERS—


NOT GUILTY
.
