



1156. 




WILLIAM DUDLEY
 was indicted

 for embezzlement: having been before convicted.


MR. METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES FAREBROTHER
. I live at 30, New Milman-street. In Feb. I was indebted to Mr. Kirby, and on the 19th paid the prisoner 4l. 17s. 6d.—on 24th March, I paid him a farther sum of 5l. 10s.—he gave me these two receipts (produced)—I saw him enter them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are they signed "W. K.?" A. No, "W. D."—I ordered the things of the prisoner—I do not know whether he was interested in the business, or managed it; he appeared to me to have the management of it—I have seen Mr. Kirby there.

MR. METCALFE. Q. What name is over the door? A. "Kirby;" these bills are bended, "Bought of William Kirby," not "Kirby and Dudley."





JAMES HARWOOD
. I am employed at 22, Old Bailey. On 25th March I paid the prisoner 12s., on account, of Mr. Kirby, at the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see Mr. Kirby in the transaction? No the prisoner managed the business as far as I am aware.





WILLIAM KIRBY
. I have a shop at 60, Old Bailey, and another at Westminster, where I reside—the business is entirely mine; the prisoner was only my servant—it was part of his duty to collect money for me; he ought to pay me as soon as he saw me—I was generally there every morning—I was never absent a week; I was once two or three days absent—I have an account here of the money I received from him—there is no entry of 4l. 17s. 6d. received from Mr. Farebrother on 19th Feb., or of 5l. 10s. on 24th March—there is no entry of 12s. received from Mr. Harwood—I entered the sums in the book at the time be paid me, and there are other entries about the same time.


Cross-examined. Q. You allowed him 2l. 10s. per cent, fur all amounts above 10l.? A. Yes, be has purchased goods once or twice—his commission ran on for two or three months without being settled—he drew two bills on my customers, with my consent; he signed my name to them—I attended to both businesses—he managed the Old Bailey business, and when I had occasion to send him out, I managed it myself.

MR. METCALFE. Q. Was he allowed to deduct commission when he received money? A. No; he had only to ask, and I would have settled his commission—I told him I would settle it weekly—he had no general authority to draw bills.





HENRY WEBB
 (City-policeman, 258). I took the prisoner on 15th April, and told him the charge—he said he was very sorry, he had sent a person to Mr. Kirby to take part of the money, but he objected to take it—we went together to Mr. Kirby's, who declined saying anything to him—the prisoner said his commission had not been settled—I have known him as Mr. Kirby's shopman about two years.

Cross-examined. Q. Had not the prisoner sent for you? A. I saw his wife; she told me to be at home at a certain hour, and I then went with him to Mr. Kirby's.

MR. METCALFE. Q. Had not the prosecutor been to you before? A. Yes; I was on the look-out for the prisoner.





ADAM DICKSON
. I am a baker, of the Strand. I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court, William Dudley, convicted of embezzlement, April, 1841; transported for seven years)—I was the prosecutor on that charge, and was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
