



626. 




EMANUEL JACOBS



, stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; the goods of 



George Whiting, from his person.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE WHITING
. I am porter to Messrs. Venables, Brothers woollen drapers, Aldgate High-street. On Thursday evening, 10th June, about half past 10 o'clock at night, I was at the corner of Duke-street with Thompson, a relation of mine—we met with a man, who tripped up Thompson's heels to throw us both on the ground—we turned round to ask why he did so, when a woman, who he said was his wife, began to abuse us, and the prisoner passed between us, and took the watch from my right hand waistcoat pocket—I felt a tug from the chain round my neck, and saw the watch in his hand—I saw his hand come from my chain with the watch in his hand—there was force in taking it from me—he passed between two other young men, but I did not see what he did with the watch—I caught him within about five yards—I did not recover my watch—it was worth 2l.—I kept hold of the prisoner, and gave him in charge—I had seen the watch about two minutes before it was laid hold of.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time was this? A. About half past 10 o'clock, at the corner of Duke-street, Aldgate—it was dark—there was a gas light, at the corner of the street, over us—I should think about ten people were there altogether—I was passing along when the accident happened, when the party tripped up our heels—I know the party who tripped up my friend by sight—nothing passed between him and my friend before he tripped him up—the prisoner was taken about five yards from where he took the watch, but I have not seen the watch since—after we took the prisoner we left the man and woman who were abusing us—I did not see any more of them—the prisoner did not remain with me more than a minute before the constable came—the constable was close to him—he said, "If you think I have got your watch, give me to a constable"—I thought he had it, and gave him to a constable—I cannot say how many of the ten persons were there when the constable came—I did not see anything more of them—this was in the Broad-street, Aldgate, leading to Whitechapel—I did not see the prisoner's hand come from my pocket, but I saw it come from my chain, and the watch was in it—it was a small watch—I saw the top of it in his hand—I had never seen him before to my knowledge.

Re-examined by
MR. BRIARLY. Q. The street is pretty broad? A. Yes; the ten persons came up, not at once, but gradually—there was space enough for them to pass, but they stood close together—I have seen the person who tripped us up—I never saw the prisoner before to my knowledge—I did not lose sight of him till I took him—I have no doubt whatever that he is the man—the man who came with the woman stands at the corner of Ald-gate Church for a job, and I once fetched him to shake carpets for the governor—I did not know the woman.






CLARK THOMPSON
. I am a porter. I have got no situation—I left Mr. Venables a fortnight last Saturday—I was not in the same house, but in the employ of the same firm as Whiting—I was with him on this night coming down Aldgate by Duke-street—we were walking together—I had got hold of his arm—a man came by me and tripped me up—I nearly fell to the ground—I turned and asked the man what he meant by tripping me up; he began to swear and curse—Whiting said, "I don't want any disturbance"—the man said, "You live at Mr. Venables'"—he said, "It don't make any odds where I live; I don't like to see my friend tripped up"—as soon as he said these words, a person came up whom he claimed as his wife, and she began to swear and curse, and to use language not fit for a woman—while we were talking the prisoner passed between Whiting and the woman and took his watch—I saw the watch go away out of his pocket; I saw it in the prisoner's hand—I said, "He has got your watch;" and before I could get the word out of my mouth, he said, "He has got my watch"—the prisoner rushed between two young lads, and I caught him within five yards of the place—during the time he ran away he had his hands before him—I did not lose sight of him from the moment I saw the watch taken till I took him—he was given into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. When you had hold of him, he said, "I have got nothing?" A. Yes; I was sober—I had left my service a few days before—I had been there a year and ten months—I fell out with one of the young gentlemen, Mr. Charles Venables, about the shutters for one thing, and because I had not got the boots cleaned in the morning.





SPURLING OLDING
. I am a tailor. At half past ten o'clock that Thursday night I saw Whiting and Thompson at the corner of Duke-street, and a man and a woman were talking to them—the woman was using unbecoming language, and I saw the prisoner between two young men; his eyes were fixed on Whiting—all on a sudden he made a plunge at his pocket, and he turned about with his hands in front of him—he had got his hands closed, but what he had got I could not see—Whiting and Thompson caught him—I asked him what he had lost—he said, "A watch."

Cross-examined. Q. They accused him of taking a watch, and he said he bad not? A. He denied it; they were all strangers to me—I merely happened to be going by towards home.





EDWARD WALLER
 (City policeman, 643). I was on duty at half past 10 o'clock that night—I received charge of the prisoner.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOSEPH WARD
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—"Convicted, Feb., 1852, 
Confined six months")—he is the person—I have known him four years as a thief—he has been summarily convicted four times.


GUILTY. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

