




1036. 




WILLIAM MARTIN
 and 




EDWARD GRAVES



, forging and uttering a request for the delivery of a few pairs of bracelets.



MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JULIUS WILLIAM MARTINS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Wild and Robinson. I know the prisoner Martin—he was in the employ of Messrs. Wild and Robinson—he was errand boy there, and he likewise used to sell goods and put the sales in the book—we had a customer named Troup—Martin would have the opportunity of knowing that Mr. Troup was a customer, and of seeing his handwriting—we were in the habit of furnishing goods to Mr. Troup on orders similar to this (produced)—Martin left in June last—on 28th Sept. I saw the prisoner Graves, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon—I am not quite sure that that was the first time I had seen him that day—about 11 that day this order was presented to me—I believe by his general appearance it was Graves who brought it, but I cannot swear whether it was him or not—I gave the order to Mr. Wild, and he gave the bracelets to the person who brought the order—I am acquainted with Martin's handwriting—both these orders (looking at them) are in Martin's handwriting, to my best belief.

Cross-examined by
MR. PULLEIN. Q. You were well acquainted with Martin's handwriting? A. Yes; I saw him write nearly every day—it depended on business whether he wrote much—he wrote in the day book and the approbation book—he had not to write letters—he wrote very small orders to merchants in town—there was other writing besides figures in the day book—there were articles that were sold, such as "six bracelets, so much," and so on—sometimes there were large orders—besides writing in the day book and approbation book he wrote little letters to merchants in town—he was not a clerk—when I went there Mr. Wild called him errand boy—when this order was presented I called Mr. Wild and gave it him—I did not read it—I knew it was an order because the person who brought it said, "From Mr. Troup"—I called Mr. Wild and gave it him—I was busy—on my oath I did not read it—I rose from my desk and wont to him, and he said, "From Mr. Troup;" I called Mr. Wild, who was in the adjoining parlour, and gave it him—I had it from the person who brought it, and kept it till Mr. Wild came—on my oath I did not read the order—I have been in the employ of Messrs. Wild and Robinson one year—I kept the day book and approbation book—I wrote in the day book, and Martin wrote in it, and Mr. Wild, and Mr. Robinson also—I do not lock that book up—no one writes in the ledger except me—I keep the approbation book, the ledger, the cash book, and day book—there is only one errand boy there at a time—Martin was there—he and I were very friendly—I never called him clerk, and he never called him-self clerk—I called him by his name—I treated him very friendly—I never had any quarrel with him, that I remember—I had not repeated quarrel with him—in business I sometimes told him not to do this or that, but I did not quarrel—I did not order him about—I can say, on my oath, that Mr. Wild or Mr. Robinson never told me that Martin was to have my place when I left—Martin was once talking about it—I do not know that he was to have my place when I left—he could not, he cannot speak German—I cannot tell whether I was permanently engaged by Messrs. Wild and Robinson when I entered there—I was paid by the week—neither Mr. Wild or Mr. Robinson ever told me that I was engaged there merely to make up the books—I was generally engaged there—I found Martin there when I went—I remained there till he left in June—I was there from Oct. last year—no other person stood between Martin and my employers except myself—there was no other clerk or shopman—before I went there Mr. Robinson kept the ledger—I am a native of Poland; I have been in this country about two years and a half—I had been in various situations before I got to Messrs. Wild and Robinson's

—I had been interpreter at an hotel, and I gave lessons in French and German, and I was barman at a public house in Turamill-street, Clerkenwell.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. This order was presented about 11 o'clock, and you would not swear that Graves brought it? A. No; I was brought to Union-court about 4, and I saw Graves—I shook my head and walked away, and I did not appear the first time before the Magistrate—on the second occasion Graves's mother did not tell me, but Graves told me to come.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Why did you shake your head? A. Because I was not quite sure it was him—I said, "I shall send for the boy"—my wages were much more than Martin's—he was in the habit of writing the sales in the day book, and it would be his duty to enter orders at times when I was away.





CHARLES WILD
. I am a partner in the establishment of Wild and Robinson, Martin was in our service up to last June—before be left I received a communication from a policeman, and I made a communication to Martin—I recollect this document (looking at the order) being brought on 28th Sept.—I believe ft is Martin's writing—the name on it resembles Mr. Troup's writing, but not the other part—this was delivered to me by Mr. Martins, our clerk—I did not see him receive it, but I heard the door go, and the party asked for some bracelets for Mr. Troup—I selected the bracelets myself, and gave them—I had no doubt at the time that it was Mr. Troup's order—I could not swear who brought the order, but from his general appearance I believe it was Graves—it was a person of his general appearance, and his size—the value of the goods I delivered to him was about 7l.—our errand boy was in the shop at the time; he is here.

Cross-examined by
MR. PUELLEIN. Q. You had no doubt about it being Mr. Troup's order? A. No; I executed it immediately—I did not make a memorandum on the back of it—I could not say whether there was writing on the back of the order or not—I did not take further notice of it—I had not the slightest doubt it was for Mr. Troup, nor had I after executing the order—I first noticed the order about 1 or 2 o'clock the same day—I could not say whether there was then any writing on the back of it; I looked at the front of it—I do not recollect whether I looked at the back—I can swear I looked at the front—that was the first time that I believed it was not Mr. Troup's writing—when I executed the order I had no doubt of its being Mr. Troup's writing—I had been in the habit of seeing Martin write, sometimes in the day book, and sometimes in the approbation book, according to business—I suppose he is about eighteen or twenty years old—he had been. in our service about three years and a half—we paid him at first 5s. a week—he could not write well at first; he improved in his writing—I did not examine his writing every month—my attention was directed to this order about 1 or 2 o'clock; I and Martins, my clerk, talked the matter over—we did not look much at the entries in the day book—we looked at ones at the writing, to compare it—Mr. Martins had not the slightest doubt about the writing, and I had no doubt about it myself, when we found that the order was forged; when we found that the bracelets had not been for Mr. Troup—I had no great conversation with Mr. Martins—he said, "That is our boy's handwriting;" and I agreed with him—I thought so myself—Martin had asked for an increase of wages, and we granted it—he had at last 10s. a week—he came at 9 in the morning, and left at 7 or 8 in the evening, according to business—on some occasions he has stopped till 12 at night—sometimes he had a great deal of outdoor work—he sometimes had a great deal to do at

the Custom House—there has been no dispute at all at the Custom House about our entries—we sent Martin to the Custom House to be careful that the goods were not broken in taking out and in—he did not pass entries, our broker does all that—he asked for an increase of salary, and it was increased—he asked once more before he left for something beyond the 10s.—that was not immediately before he left, to my recollection—I hardly can say when was the last time we raised his salary; I believe it was last year—I could not say exactly the time he asked for an increase; I believe a mouth or two before he left.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. You say, when you first saw this order, you believed it came from Mr. Troup; how was it you did not find out that it was not his writing at once? A. I did not examine it at once; it is generally done in business—I delivered the goods without examining it—after I had examined it I had no doubt about it—my judgment was not formed from what Mr. Martins said to me.





DAVID BRICKLEY
. I am errand boy to the prosecutors. On 28th Sept. I recollect this paper being brought—I believe this to be the one (looking at it)—the prisoner Graves brought it—I have no doubt whatever that he was the person—it was given to Mr. Martins, and he gave it to Mr. Wild—I never saw Graves before—I saw him again about 4 o'clock that afternoon; I recognised him again as soon as I came close upon him.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You are in the service of Messrs. Wild and Robinson? A. Yes, and have been about eight weeks; before that I was an errand boy in Whitechapel—this order was brought between 11 and 12 o'clock—I was in the back part of the shop, as far as I am now from you—I was on one side of the counter and Graves was on the other—I was directly opposite him—I never saw him before—I cannot describe his jacket—I know he had a blue striped shirt on, and a grey sort of cap which came on one side—Mr. Wild was in his parlour—I saw him speak to the person, and I saw him give him the bracelets—from the time Mr. Wild came from the parlour, and executing the order, he was about a quarter of an hour—he only asked him who he came from, and told him to sit down—I afterwards saw Graves at Union-court, about 4 o'clock—the officer, Green, took me there—the officer came to Mr. Wild's for Mr. Martins first, and when he came back he came for me—the officer told me he was taking me to recognise the prisoner; he took me to the court—Graves was sweeping the court with a cigar in his mouth—Mr. Martins told Mr. Wild that he could not recognise him, and then the officer took me to recognise him—he told me I was going down to recognise him.

MR. ROBINSON
Q. Mr. Wild asked him who he came from; what did he say? A. From Mr. Troup.





NELSON RICHARDSON
. I am in the employ of Mr. Troup, 36, Hatton-garden; he is a jeweller and watch maker. This order is not his writing, nor mine, nor anybody's in our establishment—this other order is not Mr. Troup's writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PULLEIN. Q. Are the orders sent by Mr. Troup indorsed in any way? A. They are not.





JOHN. TROUP
. I carry on business in Hatton-garden. These documents are not in my handwriting—I did not authorise any person to send for these things.

Cross-examined by
MR. PULLEIN. Q. Are all your orders signed by you? A. No, by the clerks in general, and they put their initials on them—I have live persons in my establishment—I have not had more than eight or nine fox

the last two years—my errand boy does not send orders—he is deputed to fetch orders in, but not to write.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. In your business, who would have authority to send orders? A. The last witness, chiefly; when orders are given in my name, they write, "For John Troup," in full, or "J. Troup," and then their own initials.

COURT. Q. Would any person, who has been in the habit of signing orders for you, be aware that this was not the proper form? A. Yes, I think so.





DAVID CURRIE
. I am clerk to Mr. Keller, 88, Hatton-garden. On 28th Sept., about 12 o'clock, a person presented this request—I believe it was the prisoner Graves—I have no doubt he is the person—I had never seen him before—he brought the order in, and we were engaged with another customer—I took the order myself—he said he came from Mr. Troup—I told him we would send the goods—he said, "Send the goods immediately, there is a customer waiting to see them"—Mr. Keller was not quite satisfied, and he went to Mr. Troup's.

Gross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You believe it was Graves? A. Yes; I have no doubt of it—I never saw him before—I saw him again at Union-court the same day—I went at the request of Mr. Green, the officer—he asked me if I could recognise him—when I saw him in Union-court I saw his side face, and I could not recognise him—I went for Mr. Wild, and he was not at home—I saw Graves again at the station the same day, and then I could recognise him—I expressed a conviction that it was him, but to swear positively, without shadow of a doubt, I could not—I had no doubt—when I looked him full in the face I considered it was him.

COURT. Q. Tell us what opportunity you had of seeing him in the shop? A. I was standing directly opposite the door when he came in—I took the order from him, and turned to Mr. Keller, and asked him if we had not better send the goods as we were busy, and he said, "Yes"—I was about two feet and a half from Graves, the width of the counter—he was there three or four minutes—the window is at the end of the counter—I cannot describe his dress particularly; I know it was a cap he had on.





LEOPOLD KELLER
. I am a jeweller and importer, and live at 88, Hatton-garden—I received this order on 28th September, about a quarter past 12 o'clock—it was brought by a person similar to the prisoner Graves—I believe be is the person—I could not swear positively—I was at home when the order was brought; I had very shortly before come into my house—just before I came in, I had seen the prisoner Martin standing at the corner of Hatton-garden and Cross-street; I knew him perfectly before—he might be about eighty steps from my door—when I got within about twenty steps of him, he saw me, and turned his back—when I got past, I turned and looked at him—he was looking towards Hatton-wall, in the direction of Wild and Robinson's—it might be about a quarter of an hour after I saw him that this order was presented by Graves.

Cross-examined by
MR. PULLEIN. Q. When did you first mention about seeing Martin? A. At the Police-court, at Bagnigge Wells—I bad before mentioned it at Messrs. Wild and Robinson's, and to my clerk—I mentioned it first about 2 o'clock—I went to Messrs. Wild and Robinson's, when I found my order was forged—I there saw Mr. Martins—they were not talking about these things—I asked them if they had received a similar order, and the order was fetched—I will swear it was on 28th September, about 2 o'clock—the time I saw the prisoner Martin was about 12—it was about a quarter past 12 when the

order was brought—I saw Martin about twenty steps before I came to him—I did not take particular notice of his dress—I merely looked him in the face—I believe he had a blue coat on, I am not quite sure—he did not say anything to me; he turned round—I had known him about three years and a half; I had not been in the habit of speaking to him—I have sometimes asked him how Mr. Wild was—I used to nod to him—I did not nod this time, because he turned round—I have no ill feeling against him.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You cannot swear it was Graves? A. No.

COURT. Q. Had you ever had any dealings with Mr. Troup? A. Yes; I knew Martin before—he used to bring the newspaper to my house almost every morning—I knew him as errand boy to Messrs. Wild and Robinson—he had brought messages from Messrs. Wild and Robinson—he never brought orders from Mr. Troup—this was on a Tuesday.





CHARLES AYRE
. I am errand boy to Mr. Keller. I was in the shop on 28th September—I saw the young man bring a paper, and he said he came from Mr. Troup—I am almost sure that Graves is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PULLEIN. Q. Do you know the day of the week? A. I asked the young man what day of the week it was, and he said it was Tuesday—it was raining—I do not know that it poured with rain—I am not sure whether it rained all day—people were running about with umbrellas, and some standing up at the houses.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. How long was he in the shop? A. Three or four minutes—I walked round the side of the shop by the counter, and looked up at him—I saw him afterwards at the police-court—I went to Mr. Wild, and said, "Shall I go with you to the police-court to see if I can recognise the man?"—and I went with him—I saw Graves at the police-court—he was called, and I saw him come in, and I said it was him.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you know him directly? A. Yes; I said I thought that was him—it was raining fast the day he came—no one would stand outside by choice.





JOSEPH GREEN
 (police-sergeant, G 90). I know the two prisoners—I have seen them together before June, I should say about five or six months—I had seen them together about a dozen times during that time—I had never seen Graves near Messrs. Wild and Robinson's premises—I have known Graves the last five or six years—I had seen the prisoners together about a week or a fortnight before I took them in custody—I pasted over this order at the back by order of Mr. Robinson, the solicitor, because it was torn—I do not recollect what was on the back of this order—there was some small writing something similar to what is on the back of this other order—on the back of this, here is "L. Keller."

Cross-examined by
MR. PULLEIN. Q. You have seen the prisoners together since June? A. Yes; I saw them together eight or ten days before I took them in custody—I know Martin to be the associate of Graves—I had seen him with him before—I did not have a row with Graves in April; a personal squabble—I might have met him in April, in Union-court—I was engaged to find out these prisoners—I went to Martin's parents, and turned over their goods and things—his father and mother are respectable persons in Fetter-lane—that is in the city—I had not any warrant with me—I had a City policeman at the door—I opened one box—I believe his mother to be honest; I took her word for the rest—I found this one book, which I have had ever since (producing it).

MR. ROBINSON. Q. What is Union-court? A. A low neighbourhood—I

have seen the prisoners together at Graves' mother's; she is married to a man named M'Donald.

MR. RIBTON
to
CHARLES EYRE. Q. You told me you recognised Graves at the station, how many times did you go to the station house? A. Two or three times, I could not be sure which—I did not recognize him the first time—I was not sure—I was taken by the policeman to Clerkenwell-green to a place where prisoners are brought—I was shown Graves—he was not pointed out to me by the policeman—the policeman did not go up with me; the turnkey did—the policeman did not tell me I should be sure to recognize Graves by means of his white buttons—he said to me, "Are they white buttons on his waistcoat?" I said, "I am not sure," and he did not say any more—the policeman said to the turnkey that I had come to recognize a prisoner—the policeman did not say I should be sure to recognize him—he asked me if I could, and I said yes—after I had been to the prison I was brought to the police station—I went to Bagnigge-wells the next day, and I recognized that the man I saw at the station was the same man I had seen at the prison at Clerken well—I saw two little boys, and another person like a Frenchman, and the fourth one I said was him—I did not notice his buttons; I knew him by his face.

COURT. Q. Those persons at the prison were shown to you separately? A. Yes; they were in a little place; the turnkey said to me, "Is that him?—is that him?"—he asked me that of each of them.





JOSEPH GREEN

re-examined. Q. What dress bad Graves on? A. A kind of grey cap, a blue surtout coat, and a check shirt; I think it was blue stripe.





THOMAS JONES
. (policeman, G 165). I know the prisoners—I have known Graves the last three years—I have frequently seen the prisoners together—to the best of my recollection I had seen them together two or three days before the 28th of Sept.—in the course of the month before I had seen them three or four times.

COURT
to
CHARLES WILD. Q. Was Martin in your service at the time this order was delivered? A. No; he had left on the 12th June—I had discharged him.

MARTIN—



GUILTY
of Forging.
 Aged 19.—



Confined Twelve Months.


GRAVES—



GUILTY* of Uttering.
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

