




872. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 and 




LOUISA MORTLOCK



 stealing 1 purse, value 2s. 6d., and 16s. 6d.; the property of 



John Gregson, from the person of 



Sarah Gregson.






MICHAEL HAYDON
. I am a City policeman. On 14th August, about twenty minutes before 4 o'clock, I saw the prisoners, and another man who was not taken, at the corner of Fenchurch-street, in Gracechurch-street—I saw the prosecutrix, the two young men placed themselves before her, and the female placed herself by her side, and put her left hand in her dress pocket—the prosecutrix moved about two yards away—the two men followed her, and the female prisoner again went and placed her left hand to the right hand side of the prosecutrix's dress—the two men were at that time in front of the prosecutrix—they all three moved away, and the female and the two men appeared to speak together—the men then walked together down Grace-church-street—and the female went up Fenchurch-street—I spoke to the prosecutrix, and she felt her pocket—in consequence of what she said I followed the female, and saw her walking with another female, and she was immediately joined by the male prisoner—I went up to the female, and said, "I want that lady's purse that you have got"—she said, "What purse; I have got no purse;" and at the same instant I observed her arm moving under her shawl—I pushed her on one side, and saw the purse on the ground—the prosecutrix said, "There is my purse"—she stooped down, took it up, and gave it me—this is it (produced).

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far up Fenchurch-street was the woman? A. About thirty yards—there was another woman and the male prisoner—the other woman went away; she was afterwards brought to the station, but I had no charge to make against her—I had not seen that second

woman till I saw the female prisoner join her—I did not see which way she came—I was speaking to the prosecutrix—when the female first went up to the prosecutrix she was standing at the corner of Gracechurch-street and Fen-church street—I cannot tell what she was waiting for—there were other persons passing and repassing—the prosecutrix moved about two yards towards King William-street—it appeared to me that her object in moving was to get away from the female prisoner—she at last walked across Fenchurch-street—I desired her to wait in Mr. Wilmott's shop, but she did not—she saw the male prisoner walk across the road, and she came to me, and went after me up Fenchurch-street.





SARAH GREGSON
. I am the wife of John Gregson. On 14th August I was in Gracechurch-street—I was standing at the corner to cross the road, and the female prisoner came to my side—I am sure it was her—I moved about two yards further, and she came to the side of me again—I did not notice anything happen to me—I went across the road—the policeman spoke to me, and I found my purse was gone—I had noticed the male prisoner in front of me—I had not noticed any other man—I noticed the two prisoners, and I said "They are them"—the officer went and took them—I believe that was in Gracechurch-street—I saw my purse again—the female prisoner dropped it by the side of her, or rather behind her, on the pavement—she was standing close by the side of it—I saw it glance down her dress—I said, "There is the purse; she has just dropped it;"—I picked it up—this is it—the male prisoner was with her at that time.

Cross-examined. There was another woman with the female prisoner—I did not notice—there might be—I did not see the female join anybody except the man—I believe this was in Gracechurch-street, but I am a stranger—I cannot say.

WILLIAMS**—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MORTLOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Six Months.

