



1463. 




DAVID PAGE



, unlawfully assaulting and attempting to rob 



Thomas Walker.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS WALKER
. I am a costermonger, and live in Huntingdon-street, Shoreditch. On 16th June I was coming out of a coffee-house in Shoreditch, opposite Magpie-alley, about 7 o'clock in the evening—as I came out the prisoner stood at the door—he struck me in the eye, and blinded me—(nothing had passed between us before)—he drew my watch three-parts out of my fob, but did not succeed in getting it—when he snatched it, he said, "I have it"—he then ran a way—I did not see him any more till the policeman took him, on the day afterwards—I am sure the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What makes you so certain? A. The marks on his face; he is pitted with the small-pox—I did not know him before.





WILLIAM HILL
. I am brother-in-law of Thomas Walker. I saw him come out of the coffee-house—the prisoner struck him across the eye, and laid him senseless, that he could not get up—he snatched at his watch, but did not get it—he then ran away—I am positive be is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No; I know him by the pock marks on his face—I had not been there a minute—my brother asked me to have a cup of tea or coffee—when the prisoner snatched his watch, he said, "I have got it"—my brother said, "No, you have not"—he did not say it quite directly—I do not know how he came to know what the man said when he was in a state of insensibility—there had been no row nor quarrel—I and my brother were dressed as we are now—his watch was in his fob, as he has got it now.





HENRY EDWARDS
 (policeman, G 133). From a description I received, I went after the prisoner, and took him—I told him the charge—he said I was mistaken in the party—I told him I should take him, as he answered the description I bad received—he said, "I know partly what you are taking me for, for striking the party last night at the coffee-shop"—I asked him if he did nothing else—he said, "No, I did not; I own to the assault, but not to the attempt at the watch"—I saw the prosecutor on the following night—his eye was black and blue all round.




GUILTY
.** Aged 20.—The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted, to which he pleaded Guilty.—


Transported for Ten Years.

