




1958. 




WILLIAM WILLCOX
 and 




THOMAS WILSON



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; the goods of 



Howe Curtis Beaven, from his person: to which 
WILLCOX pleaded




GUILTY
. ** Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years,







HOWE CURTIS BEAVEN
. I live at 3, Mordan-place, Lewisham-road. On Sunday evening, 28th Sept., I was in King-street, Greenwich—I bad a handkerchief in my coat-pocket, and missed it at the corner of Nelson-street—I had had it two minutes before—this is it (produced).





JOHN WHITE
 (policeman, R 180). On 28th Sept., between 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening, I was on duty with Crouch in King-street, Greenwich, and saw both the prisoners in company—I knew them before—I saw them follow several gentlemen, and Willcox attempted to pick their pockets—I saw them go behind a gentleman, who I believe to be Mr. Beaven, and leave him suddenly—I followed them, and took Wilson into custody—he said he had picked no pocket, and did not intend to do so.





JAMES WILLIAM CROUCH
 (policeman, R 118). I was with White, and saw the prisoners together in Nelson-street—I saw them go behind three gentlemen, and attempt to pick their pockets—I saw them go into Stockwell street, and there Willcox attempted to pick a gentleman's pocket—I watched them for three-quarters of an hour,, and then saw them go behind a gentle man, whom I believe to be the prosecutor, and leave him all of a sudden—they then separated, one going down King-street, and the other down Nelson-street, through the market—both streets lead in one direction, and the prisoners live together—I went after Willcox, caught him in Church-street, and told him I wanted him—he said, "What for?" I said, "For picking pockets"—he immediately put his hand into his right trowsers pocket; I caught hold of it, and pulled out the handkerchief that has been produced—I took him to the station, and he there said he bought the handkerchief in Petticoat-lane.

Wilson's Defence, I was not with Willcox, and I do not live in the same house.




GUILTY
. **

Wilson was further charged with having been before convicted, to which he pleaded
GUILTY. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

