



730. 




JOHN CHARLTON
, was again indicted

, for feloniously and knowingly uttering a forged note for 5l.; with intent to defraud.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN MARGARET WILSON
. I am the daughter of John Wilson, who keeps the Grapes public house in George-street, Minories. On 27th April, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came there—I was serving at the bar—he called for a glass of ale; I supplied him with it, it came to 2d., which he paid—I knew him before, as the steward of a ship—after paying for the ale he presented a piece of paper to me, and asked if my father could oblige him with change; I did not look at it—I handed it across to

my father, who was sitting behind the bar—I knew an acquaintance of the prisoner's of the name of Marshall; he was the mate of the ship of which I understood the prisoner was steward—the prisoner asked if we had heard from Marshall lately; I said no, we had not—when I handed the note to my father he was going to mark it, and the prisoner said that it was marked, or that his name was upon it, I do not know which—my father gave him five sovereigns change, and he then went away.





JOHN WILSON
. On Thursday, 27th April, I received this 5l. note of my daughter in the prisoner's presence, I gave him five sovereigns for it, and was going to mark the note when he said, "I have marked it," pointing to this endorsement, "John Clark, ship Carolore" or some such name, "25th April, 1854."—I put the note in my pocket—he said, "Will you have a glass of ale Mr. Wilson?"—I said, "No, thank you, not now," and he went away—I paid away the note on the next Saturday in part payment of my quarter's rent; it was returned to me on the following Tuesday, by Mr. Lambert Jones's clerk—I knew the note again, by the writing on the back—this produced is it.

COURT. Q. Are you quite certain that the prisoner is the man? A. Yes; I knew him before, but not his name—he had been the mate of a ship, the present owner of which uses my house.





JAMES BARTON
. I am one of the inspectors of notes, at the Bank of England—this note is a forgery in every particular.





JULIA BAILEY
. I am barmaid to Mr. Neale, at the City Arms, Millwall, Poplar. On Easter Monday, 17th April, the prisoner came there between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening—he came to the bar, and asked if I could give him change for a 5l. note—I told him I could not, as Mrs. Neale was not in the way; I had known him between two and three years—he said he thought I might oblige him if I could—he had something to drink, wished me good evening and went away—he paid for what he had—he returned in about half an hour, in company with another man—they went into the parlour; after they had been there a little while he came to the bar and asked if I could give him change, and seeing Mrs. Neale sitting by me, he said, "I know that Mrs. Neale will oblige me"—he handed me a 5l. note, I handed it to Mrs. Neale—she said in his hearing, that she did not like the appearance of the paper—he said, "It is all right, I got it from Tindal's office this afternoon"—Mr. Tindal is the ship owner, in whose employ I supposed the prisoner to be—Mrs. Neale then said, if he would put his name on the back of it, she would give him change—I handed him the ink and a newspaper to put underneath the note while he wrote, but he rejected the newspaper and laid a white handkerchief of his own under it—he then took the pen and pretended to write; he began to write his name upon it as I supposed—he said he had been drinking, and he was all on the move and he could not write—he made a mark for a "J" I suppose, and said, "There, John, that is what I was going to put upon it, my name"—he handed me back the note and I gave it to Mrs. Neale; she went into the bar parlour and brought him out the change—I think it was four sovereigns, a half sovereign, and 10s.; he paid separately for what he had to drink—my mistress put the note in a book along with other notes, where they are always kept—the prisoner stood at the bar for several minutes in conversation, and said that he was not in want of a 5l. note, he could get fifty 5l. notes if he wanted them, but they were not his own, he must own that; they were his wife's—he said he should see us again before he left England, he then left—I saw the note again next morning when it came back from the

bank, it was then stamped "forged" as it is now—I observed upon it the "J." which the prisoner made.

Prisoner. Q. Did I never come to your house for change for a 5l. note before? A. I do not know that you did—I do not know whether you had change for five or six 5l. notes on Saturday nights when you were on board the Ariel—you may have come there frequently of a Saturday night—most likely you have had change for a 5l. note before—we were in the habit of changing notes for you; I do not know whether I have done so.

Prisoner. The mate of the ship used to give me notes to pay the men, and I generally used to get them changed at this house, and at Mr. Whiskins', at Millwall—as to saying that I had fifty notes, and they were my wife's, you are speaking very false. Witness. I am quite certain that he used those words.





JAMES BARTON

re-examined. This note is also a forgery in every particular; I should say it is from the same plate as the other; the paper is identical.





GEORGE PAIN
. I keep the Duke's Head public house, New-road, St. George's in the East. On 18th April, about a quarter to 8 o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came in, and called for a glass of ale—I had known him for about three months as a customer—shortly afterwards, as I was very busy at the beer engine, serving customers, he beckoned to me at the other end of the counter—it is a very long bar—I did not go directly, and he beckoned to me again—I then went to about the middle of the bar, and he said, "Can you oblige me?"—I said, "What with?"—he said, "With change for a five"—I said, "I dare say I can, Sir"—he then took out a piece of paper, I think from his waistcoat pocket; it was folded up; he gave it to me folded up—I unfolded it, and held it up to the gas—it appeared to be a 5l. note—I believe this (produced) to be the same note—I noticed this dark part of it on the outside, as if it had been worn by carrying it in the pocket—I went to the bar parlour, and got my cashbox, put the note into it, and took out five sovereigns, which I gave to the prisoner—I said, "If you want 1l. worth of silver you can have it"—he said, "No; that will do very well"—he asked if I would take a glass of ale with him—I drew a glass, and drank a portion of it—he paid for it in copper—I was then called away to serve other customers, and whilst I was serving them he went away—I put the note into the bottom of my cashbox—there was one other 5l. note there; that had been cut in halves, and pasted together again, and I had endorsed it with the name of Dr. Broadwater, of whom I had taken it—those were the only two notes I had in the cashbox—I paid both those notes away, and nine sovereigns, to Fanny Cosham, on the Thursday following, the 20th—I did not endorse this note.





FANNY COSHAM
. I am the daughter of Mrs. Cosham, a baker, of No. 16, New-road, St. George's in the East. On 20th April I went to Mr. Pain's, and gave him 19l. worth of silver, for two 5l. notes and nine sovereigns—one of the notes had been cut in halves, and pasted together with a piece of paper at the back of it, and this is the other one—I gave them both to my mother, and I saw her pay them to Mr. Woodhouse, the solicitor, for Mr. Mumford, the miller—I saw Mr. Woodhouse put my mother's name on the notes—here it is on the face of this note—I had not parted with the notes from the time I received them from Mr. Pain till I gave them to my mother, and she paid them at the same time to Mr. Woodhouse—he was in the shop when I returned with the notes—he was paid five other notes besides these, but they were all marked at the back with the name of Mr. Bath,

a carman, in Prince's-square—I am sure this is one of the notes that she paid.





FREDERICK WOODHOUSE
. I am a traveller for Mr. Mumford, the miller. I see my writing on this note—I received it from Mrs. Cosham, on 20th April—Miss Cosham came in while I was there, and I saw her hand two notes to her mother—I cannot swear that this is one of the notes, because I took four others as well, and I marked them all with Mrs. Cosham's name—I did not notice whether the name of Bath was on the others.





JAMES BARTON

re-examined. This is another note from the same plate, differing only in the numbers; the numbers are altered—it is a forgery.

COURT. Q. Do you suppose that they are printed without the numbers? A. No; I apprehend that they do it altogether—it appears to me to be stereotyped, done from the block; they only change the figures.





JOHN RATTON
. I am the son of John Ratton, who keeps the St. Katherine's Dock Hotel, Upper East Smithfield. I was at home on 24th April, about 10 o'clock at night—I had occasion to go to the bar, and found the prisoner there, drinking a glass of half and half—he had been a customer of ours for several months—he beckoned to me, and I went to him—he produced this note (looking at one), and asked if I could oblige him with change for a 5l. note—I said, I dare say I could—I held it up to the light, and examined it; I did not like the appearance of it—I took it to my father, and asked his opinion upon it—in consequence of what he said, I asked the prisoner to put his name to it—I handed him a pen and ink—he said, "Will you be kind enough to write it for me? I have been drinking, and am rather nervous"—I did not know his name, and asked him what name I should put upon it—he gave me the name of William Edwards, of the ship Caroline—I wrote those words on the note—I then took it back to my father, and he gave me five sovereigns—I gave them to the prisoner, and he went away—this is the note he gave me—here is my own handwriting upon it.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I tell you that I belonged to the Eliza Thornton, and that I got the note from the captain for wages? A. No, you told me nothing of the kind.





JAMES BARTON

re-examined. This is a forged note in every particular, and it appears to me to be from the same plate as the others.

Prisoners Defence. All I have to say is, that I never knew of the notes being forged till the night previous to my going to Mr. Fairey's; after I went into Mr. Fairey's, and changed the note there, the party that gave me these notes told me after I came out, "Don't go a nigh the places where you changed those notes any more, for they are forged notes;" I never knew that they were forged till he told me; I gave him part of the money, and he gave me three bad 5l. notes; I took them home, and placed them under a dressing case in my room, and concealed them, and never said anything to my wife about them; next morning I was going down to the docks about a ship, when I was detected in the Commercial-road; I have been to sea for the last seventeen years, and this is the first time I was ever in a court of justice; the constable has papers referring to my character from the masters I have been with—(The officer handed them in).




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—



Confined Six Months, and 


Transported for Fourteen Years.

