



1317. 




THOMAS SMITH



, stealing 1 pair of trowsers, value 14s.; the goods of 



William Ezekiel Shearwood: having been before convicted.






MARGARET BRIGGS
. I am the wife of Charles Briggs, and live at 8, St. George's-place. I let the prisoner some lodgings in our house on Saturday, 29th June—he lodged and slept there on 29th and 30th, in the same room as a man named Shearwood—on Monday morning, after Mr. Shearwood went out, I heard a footstep go down to the kitchen—I got up, went down, and saw the prisoner there searching a box—it was dark—I opened the shutter, and he stood amazed and very frightened by the side of me—I asked why he was there—he said he wanted to wash himself—that was not the place to wash, and I showed him where—in about five minutes he came back for a key he had left—I said I did not think there was such a thing, and would not allow him to go in—he came home again about four o'clock, and went to his room—that was the same room as Mr. Shearwood's

—he went out again—I went into the room five minutes after and missed the trowsers, which I had seen lying in a chair five minutes before he came in—no one had been in the room—there was no one in the house but myself.





WILLIAM EZEKIEL SHEARWOOD
. On 29th and 30th I lodged with the prisoner at Mrs. Briggs'—on the Monday morning I left about half-past five o'clock, and left my trowsers on a chair—I missed them when I returned at half-past six in the evening, and have not seen them since.





JOHN CLARK
 (policeman, B 104). I took the prisoner on 2nd July, and told him the charge, he said we could not prosecute him unless we found the property—he said he lived at the Model lodging-house, St. Peter-street, Westminster.

Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the trowsers; Mrs. Briggs was standing at the door when I came out.





SAMUEL BRINE
 (policeman, B 33). I produce a certificate—(read—William Hopson convicted Aug., 1849, confined two months)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
