



1970. 




MICHAEL RYAN



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Newland, and stealing 1 shawl and 1 night-gown, value 35; the goods of 



Catharine Connelly.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






CATHARINE CONNELLY
. I am servant to Mr. Edward Newland, at 5, Yorkterrace, Trinity Church-row, St. Mary Newington. In the night of Wednesday, 8th Oct., I was sleeping in the front-kitchen—I was awoke about half-past 2 o'clock in the morning—I saw two men in the room—I am quite sure the prisoner was one—he had a candle in his hand—I laid quite quiet, and took no notice of them—I watched them for a quarter of an hour—the prisoner went two or three times to my master's bureau, and put his fingers to try if it could be opened—it lifts up—while I was appearing to be asleep the prisoner came with the candle, and held it over my face—he did that several times, and I took the opportunity of looking at him—I saw him quite plainly—I looked at him often—during that time the other man was at the cupboard-door—he had nothing in his hand that I could see—he then turned to my master's box, and took a long thing from under his coat, and broke it open—I screamed out—the prisoner threw the candle at me; it fell on my dress—the prisoner and the other man went out of the kitchen; they stopped in the back-kitchen a little while—I heard my master's voice asking me what was the matter—the prisoner and the other man got away—my master came down, and on looking at the house, I found the back-kitchen window was open—I am quite sure it was closed when I went to bed about 12—I had fastened it with a catch—the box of the lock of the kitchen-door was unscrewed in the morning, and the door was open—the box was not unscrewed the night before—I locked the door myself—in the garden I found a shawl and a night-dress of mine—I had left them in the back-kitchen when I went to bed—the prisoner had a brown coat, corduroy trowsers, and a cap—he had whiskers under his chin, the same as he has now—I am quite sure he is the man who held the candle.





EDWARD NEWLAND
. I am a City Missionary. I was awoke early in the morning on 8th Oct. by the scream of my servant—I learnt there were two men in her room—I gave an alarm to the police—they came, and I went down, and found the house broken open—a bundle was found in the garden, and different articles were strewed about the room.





THOMAS RICHARDS
 (police sergeant M, 10). On the morning after this robbery I received information from Connelly, and by her description of the

prisoner's dress and person I apprehended him in Mint-street, the same afternoon—I told him I wanted him to go to the station with me—he said, "You always know where to find me"—Connelly was taken to the station, and I placed her and another female in the inspector's room—shortly after I left, the prisoner walked into that room by himself—directly Connelly saw him she screamed out, "That is the man that held the light over my face last night"—I afterwards saw the impression of a man's shoes in the prosecutor's garden and several other grounds—I took the shoes from the prisoner's feet at the station, and compared them with the impression—I put them in the impression, and they fitted—here is a particular heel on this one.—(The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate teas here ready as follows: "The prisoner says, 'I am innocent of the charge; I was at home on Tuesday night, and did not go out till half-past 8 next morning; I have a witness in Court to prove it.")

Prisoner's Defence. I declare to my God I am innocent of this charge. I was living in a policeman's house at this time; I told them where I lived; I have a witness to prove I was in bed.





ANN MARTIN
. I live at Gravesend, and am a travelling woman—I came to town on Monday, 6th Oct., and stopped at the prisoner's mother's house—I saw the prisoner go to bed—I spent the evening and the night with his mother, who is my sister—she lives at No. 2, Warren-place, Dover-road—she is a widow—I heard no disturbance that night—I saw the prisoner in bed early the next morning—I went back on the Tuesday.

COURT
to
EDWARD NEWLAND. Q. On what day was your house robbed? A. On Wednesday morning, 8th Oct.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.

The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted: to which he pleaded


GUILTY.—



Transported for Ten Years
.
(The
COURT
directed that Catherine Connelly should receive a reward of 20s).
