



1209. 




HENRY GLOUCESTER



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Powell, and stealing 1 coat, value 2l.; the property of 



Edwin Jones; 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; the property of 



Francis Marchant: and 1 coat, and other articles, value 1l. 14s.; the property of 



James Powell: having been before convicted.






ELIZA POWELL
 I am the wife of James Powell; we live in the parish of Plumstead. On Thursday night, 17th April, I went to bed at half-past ten o'clock; I was the last person up; I fastened the house myself—next morning, I went down to the kitchen, and found the window a little open, and the door wide open—I am sure that window and door were shut the night before—I found the back-parlour door open, which was shut the night before; and the cupboard door was open, which was shut the night before—I missed one silver spoon, and two silver tops of bottles; they had been safe the night before, on a shelf—a great coat was gone, belonging to Edwin Jones, a lodger; and one pair of boots belonging to my husband, and one pair belonging to Francis Marchant, a lodger—these are the coats and boots! (produced)

Prisoner. Q. Have you any mark on these things? A. Yes; here is my own needlework on this coat, and I expect there is a note in one of the pockets—here it is—it is a receipt for my seat at chapel.





GILES HORNE
 (policeman, R 150). On Friday morning, 18th April, I was on duty at Charlton, about six o'clock, about two miles from Mr. Powell's—I stopped the prisoner carrying a bag—I asked what it contained—he said wearing-apparel, that some woman at Plumstead-common let him have them to make what he could of them—I took him into custody—I found these two coats, and two pairs of boots.





WILLIAM JACKSON
 (policeman, R 284). I am gaoler, at Woolwich police-station—I searched the prisoner there, and found on him this silver spoon, and tops of cruets.






JOHN CARPENTER
 (police-sergeant, R 38). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction here (read—Henry Thornton, convicted 22nd Oct., 1849; confined One Tear)—since that he has had three months, for picking pockets.




GUILTY
 Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years


