



626. 




WILLIAM NORTON



, stealing, whilst employed in the Post-Office, a certain post letter, containing 1 half sovereign and 1s.; the property of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-General.


MESSRS. CLARK SON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






LINDSAY HOLLAND BUTLER
. I am the son of the Hon. Mr. Butler, of Colton House, near Rugby. On 30th March I had occasion to remit 11s. to a Mr. Howse, in London—I wrote a letter, and enclosed it in an envelope with a half sovereign and shilling—this is the letter and envelope (produced), it is an adhesive envelope—I addressed it to "Mr. Henry Howse, No. 11, Beaufort-buildings, Strand;" and gave it to Stokes the butler to stamp and post it.





RICHARD STOKES
. I am butler to the Hon. Mr. Butler. On 30th March I received a letter from my young master—I should say this is it, from the look of it—I remember the direction—I also received from him two other letters—I put two stamps on this letter, and one on each of the others—he gave me 6d. to pay for them—I put the letters in a bag—the postman calls for it every day, except Sunday, at 6 o'clock—I locked the bag up, and gave it to the postman—a key of the bag is also kept at the post office at Rugby—I felt there was money in the letter when I put the stamps on.





SAMUEL TURRELL
. I am the post messenger at Rugby. I remember calling at Mr. Butler's on the evening of 30th March—I received the letter-bag locked—I carried it to the Rugby post-office—I there unlocked it with the key that is kept there, and placed the letters along with the others in the office.





THOMAS GILBERT
. I am a clerk in the post-office at Rugby. I made up the mail bag for London on the night of 30th March—this envelope has the stamp of our office of that day on it—I forwarded all the letters in due course by the mail bag to London.

COURT. Q. Who puts the stamps on? A. The postmaster, or his son; that is before it is put into the mail bag.





WALTER NEWMAN
. I am a clerk in the General Post-Office. St. Martin's-le-Grand. I opened the Rugby bag which arrived at the General Post-Office on 31st March—it arrived apparently safe, and in its usual state—this envelope bears the stamp of my table, at which it was opened, of 31st March—it should have been delivered the same morning.

Cross-examined by Mr. PARRY. Q. Do you mean that it bears the stamp of your department? A. Yes; all the letters from Rugby passed through my hands.

COURT. Q. Does it bear a stamp peculiar to the day? A. It bears the stamp of the table—the tables are alphabetically numbered—it bears the table stamp of that morning.





DAVID COLEMAN
. I am a letter carrier, in the General Post-Office, in the Strand district—I assisted the prisoner—on the morning of 31st March, I was on duty with him—this letter, addressed to Mr. House, should have been delivered by me—if it came into the prisoner's possession it would have been his duty to have given it to me to deliver—he did not do so that I am aware of—I delivered accurately all that he did give me—I delivered some at this very house, 11, Beaufort-buildings—all the letters for that district would pass through the prisoner's hand—he receives them first, and then gives me what I have to deliver—I am sure I delivered all he gave me.


COURT. Q. Where does he hand you jour portion? A. In Surrey-street; I meet him there—I did so that morning.

Cross-examined, Q. Are the letters that are handed over by him toyouseparated from his own lot at the post-office, or has he to separate them? A. He has to separate them himself—I do not know that any mistakes have occurred in separating letters—I cannot tell how many letters on an average I have to deliver of a morning—it is nearer 500 than five—I never delivered on the prisoner's ground, and cannot tell about how many be would have to deliver—I do not know whether it is as extensive as mine—he used to separate the letters at the General Post-Office—he was a general postman, I was the assistant.





HENRY HOWSE
. I am an accountant, living at 11, Beaufort-buildings, Strand—this letter never reached me by the post or otherwise, until it was brought to me by Peak, the officer.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a constable at the Post-office. On 5th April, I took the prisoner into custody there—I searched him, and found the covers of two letters in his pockets—I told him that I was directed to go and search his house, and asked where he lived—he said, "No. 40, Westmoreland-buildings, City-road"—he did not say in what part of the house—in consequence of what he told me, I looked at the top of a clock case there and found a key, with which I unlocked a drawer, in that same room; I there found this envelope and letter—it was broken open in the same state it is now—there was no money in it—I returned to the prisoner, and asked him where he got it from—he said he could not tell; he could not give any account of it.

Cross-examined. Q. You say they were his lodgings, did he tell you so? A. He told me to go to 40, Westmoreland-buildings, and I did so—I asked him for his address—the landlady took me up into his room—he only occupied one room, a bed room—I did not see any one there—I do not know that another young man belonging to the Post-office lodged with him—I have heard so—he is here.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You say it was in consequence of what he said to you that you examined the top of the clock case, and found the key? A. Yes; I told him I was going to search his place, and if there was anything locked it would be my duty to break it open to see what was inside—he said there was the drawer, and I should find the key in it—I said, "Well, if I do not, I must break it open"—he then said, "If it is not there you will find it at the top of the clock"—Hone is the person that lodged with him.





HENRY FRANCIS HONE
. I am a General Post letter carrier—I lodged in the same house as the prisoner, but I left the Saturday previous to Peak coming there—the prisoner occupied the left-hand room as you go up—no one else occupied that room of late—I have known him occupying that room alone for about twelve months—another young man named Michael Foy, who was also employed in the Post-office, lodged in the house—we both occupied the room on the right hand.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in the same department of the Post-office as the prisoner? A. Yes; and Foy also—while we lodged together we associated with each other, and were very friendly—my delivery is in Wilson-street, Finsbury—my bed room and the prisoner's did not open with one key—we never kept our's locked—there were other lodgers—Foy and I occupied the same room—it was the room facing the prisoner's—there was a landing place between.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Look at that letter; did you ever see that before it was in the officer's hands? A. No, I did not.






MICHAEL FOY
. I lodged at 40, Westmoreland-place at the tame time at the prisoner—I and Hone occupied the tame room—the prisoner's room was opposite ours—I know nothing of this letter, I have never seen it before to my knowledge—I am a letter-carrier—my delivery it now in the Strand, near Temple-bar—I changed my district the day the prisoner was apprehended—before that I was in New Oxford-street.





WALTER NEWMAN

re-examined. The letters pass from the clerk of the table to the stamper, and from him to the sorter, and from the sorter to the letter carrier—I know that this letter passed through my hands, by the stamp—I open the mail-bag, and take all the letters out.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years
,

There was another indictment against the prisoner.

