



763. 




THOMAS WILLIAM THOMAS



, stealing 1 coat, I handkerchief, 1 pair of gloves, and 3 keys, value 2l.; the goods of 



Henry Harriss: having been before convicted,.


MR. COOFER
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY HARRISS
. I am a tailor, of 12, Union-place, New-road. On 27th Jan. I returned home between lour and five o'clock, went into my shop, pulled off my great-coat, and put it on a chair close to the counter—it contained a handkerchief, pair of gloves, some shillings, and some keys—I retired into the yard—in about three minutes my wife called to me that I was wanted—I went to the shop, and found the prisoner—I am positive he is the man—he said, "How do you do, Mr. Harriss?" as if he knew me, but I had never seen him before—he said he had some cloth for a coat, waistcoat, and trowers, what would I charge to make them—I said 30s., and he said it was very reasonable, and he would bring the cloth to-morrow as he came from his office—I stood at the cutting-board—his face was quite close to me, and towards the window—the conversation lasted ten minutes—he left, and in about five minutes I missed my coat.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETI. Q. Is yours rather a crowded neighbourhood? A. No, very quiet—he had a top-coat on, but it was

not mine—I am quite sure he is the man—it was just dusk—the lamps were not lighted—I have never been in any difficulty through mistaking the identity of a person—I have never been a witness before.





RACHAEL HARRISS
. I am the wife of the last witness. On 27th Jan. he came home, put his coat on a chair, and walked into the back-yard—I saw two persons respectably dressed outside, one of whom I had seen on the Thursday before, who came into the shop when Mr. Harriss was not at home—it was the prisoner—he had come in, and asked for the master, and said he wanted a suit of clothes made—I said he was not at home, and he said he would call again as he came from his dinner, but he did not—that was about two o'clock—on this occasion, the 27th, he came in, and I saw a man outside keeping an eye on him and me—the prisoner said, "Is the master at home?"—I said, "Yes," and waited to see if my husband would come, as I saw a man peeping through the window—he did not come, and I went through a little passage to the back-door to call my husband; he came immediately—the prisoner, who was keeping the door half open, asked him what he would charge to make him a suit of clothes with his own cloth—he said 30s.—the prisoner said it was very reasonable, and he would call to-morrow to be measured—when my husband came in, he was going to shut the door; I said, "Don't shut the door, because there is a gentleman outside, a companion of this gentleman, waiting for him"—my husband looked out to see if he could see him—the prisoner said, "No, he is gone in somewhere to wait for me," but I saw some one going away while my husband was shutting the door—he passed the door as my husband was shutting it—he seemed to have something hanging on his arm, I could not say what—there was time for the prisoner to have given the coat to the other man while I went to call my husband—On the Saturday week following" the prisoner came again, but very differently attired—my husband was not at home.

Cross-examined. Q. Were your depositions read over to you before you signed them? A. No; I swear that—I signed them because I was in haste to go home, having left my infant at home—I had not mentioned about seeing the man outside—the depositions were taken very short—there are no particulars whatever—the Magistrate would not hear half I had to say—he only asked me one question, which was, whether I knew the young man, and why I did not recognise him before—the depositions were taken in the chief-clerk's room, not before the Magistrate—the prisoner had no coat nor hat on at the station—he looked very different, and I could not identify him; I could if I had approached nearer to him; I told the policeman I would not identify him, that was because I did not want the trouble of attending; and I went home and tried to persuade my husband not to, but he would not be persuaded from it, and identified him the moment he saw him—when the prisoner called on the Saturday week after the robbery, he sat down and wrote a scrawl, which he pat in his pocket, and then he wrote another—he was not in the same clothes, but I knew his features.

MR. COOPER. Q. How was he dressed the last time? A. He had a camel-hair jacket, a hat, moustachios, very full large whiskers, and black trowsers, very loose—he did not speak English, but put himself into strange attitudes to make me know what he wanted—I did not know him at the time, but directly he left, it struck me that he was the person who

stole the coat, and I have no doubt he is—he putted down everything on the shelves, but nothing would suit him—I know him by his height, size, features, and nose; he has got a peculiar nose—I will not swear he was the same man; I believe it—he wrote down his address that Mr. Harriss should call on him at four that afternoon, or nine next morning—I said "To-morrow-morning is Sunday," and I understood him then to say, "This afternoon, at four o'clock"—he understood perfectly every word I said—this is the paper he wrote (produced.)





EDWARD TOTTMAN
 (policeman, A 893.) On Saturday, 22nd Feb., I found the prisoner at the end of St. Martin's-court—I said, "Tow, I want you to go along with me"—(I knew him before)—he said, "What do you want, me for?"—I said, "To take a walk with me"—we walked into Leicester-square, and then took a cab—I told him I wanted him for that coat on his back—we went to the station, and I fetched Mrs. Harris, who identified the coat—the prisoner said be bought it of some skittle sharks in the Rose and Crown skittle-ground, Drury-lane, and gave 2l. 5s. for it.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. Yes; the depositions were signed in the clerk's, office—they were read over to me, and to each of the witnesses—I heard Mrs. Harriss's read to her before she signed it—we went oat into another room, and when we returned the prisoner was brought in, and they were read, and then we went in the office and signed them.

COURT. Q. Were all the witnesses present when the depositions were read over? A. I cannot undertake to say whether Mrs. Harris was there, because she was in a way about her child.





HENRY HARRISS

re-examined. This is my coat, I had had it a fortnight before it was lost.

Witnesses for the Defence.






THOMAS EDWARD THOMAS
. I am no relation of the prisoner. I am clerk to Mr. Nicholls, an accountant, in Bedford-row. On 10th Feb., I was in company with the prisoner at the Rose and Crown public-house, near the burial-ground in Drury-lane, about seven o'clock in the evening—there were several persons in the skittle-ground—a man came in with a coat, which he offered for sale; I saw it in the hands of other parties; I did not take it—it appeared to be a brown over-coat, lined with plaid—(looking at a coat)—this is the description of coat as near as possible I should say it was—the prisoner purchased it, I do not know what he gave for it—money passed, and he took the coat—he tried it on first.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. Who brought this coat in? A. A shortish man, rather stout—I had not seen him before to my knowledge—he had nothing else to sell—I do not know where the prisoner was when he brought it—the man did not address himself to any one particularly—he said he had got a good coat to sell—I did not go up to look at it; it was handed to several parties—I do not know whether the prisoner went to it first or last—I believe the man asked 2l. 10s.—I do not know how for Union-place, New-road, is from there—I did not know any of the other persons that were at the Rose and Crown by name—one man is here; I think his name is Aldridge—I have never been in any trouble—I had seen the prisoner at the public-house two or three times before, but never spoke to him—I think it was one day last week that I heard of his being in trouble—a person came to me, in Long-acre, and asked me if I recollected the circumstance—I do not know who that was; I know he was in the

skittle-ground on that occasion—I think I have been at the skittle-ground once since—I might have been part of the time that night, as far from the prisoner as I am now—he must have known I was there.

COURT. Q. You are no acquaintance of the prisoner? A. No; I saw him two or three times at the public-house—I met a person by accident in Long-acre, and he asked me if I recollected the circumstance—I told him, "Yes," and he asked me to give him my address, which I did—I know the man perfectly well by sight—I was in the habit of going to the skittle-ground, but do not know any person who was there that night.





THOMAS ALDRIGE
. I am a tailor, of 3, Angel-court; I am in business for myself. I was at the skittle-ground on 10th Feb., between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—there were not a great many persons there—I saw a person with an over-coat to sell, with a plaid lining—he said "Who will buy a coat?" and he held it in his hand—the prisoner was there, and he ultimately purchased it—I saw gold and silver pass; I do not know how much—the coat was dark—it looked to me like a brown coat—it was something like this coat—I did not handle it.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. Did you ever take a pint of porter with the prisoner? A. No; I never was in his company to speak to him, only seeing him in that ground three or four different times—I never walked with him anywhere—I heard of his being taken up for this coat two days afterwards—a friend of mine came and asked me if I recollected a coat being sold in the skittle-ground—he is not here—his name it Thomas Jones—he is a tailor—he is at Gravesend now—I do not know what he is doing; perhaps following his business—he came to my place, and was in the skittle-ground at the time—he was the only man that was in my company—he came to see me that night, to smoke a pipe, and we went to the skittle-ground—I went to the skittle-ground next day—I did not bear any talk about the coat there—I was not in any one's company—I never heard it mentioned—I do not know whether I am known to the landlord—I went there the day after, to have half a pint of beer—I have been there once since, but the skittle-alley was shut up—I do not know any other man who was there that night but the last witness—I do not know his name—I had seen him once or twice there—I have not spoken to him here to-day—I do not know how Jones came to know that the prisoner was in trouble.

MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Did you know the last witness before to-day? A. I did not; while he was examined I was standing out on the steps—Jones came to me where I live—he is an acquaintance of mine—he went to Gravesend the day afterwards—that is where he lives—he came to me on Sunday, the 9th—he stopped with me all night, and two or three days—he came up from Gravesend to see me, and went back on the Sunday afterwards—he did not come up to tell me the prisoner was in trouble—he stopped in town two or three days—he lives in Peppercross-street, Gravesend—I do not know George Tregrove, of 20, Bedfordbury—no one told me to come here this day, but I came to see the young man—I came to volunteer my testimony, merely because I heard that he was in trouble—I said it was a very shameful thing, for I saw the young man buy the coat—I was told that this was the young man I saw in the skittle-ground.

Q. Thomas Jones told you on Sunday that the young man was in

trouble, but how did you know that Thomas William Thomas's trial was coming on to-day? A. Because I looked down-stairs and saw his name—I did not know it till to-day, but I was told that the trial was coming on—I heard it; I do not know who told me.

The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was here read as follows:—"I bought the coat of a person of the name of George Tregrove, who lives at 20, Bedfordbury; I went into the Rose and Crown on the 10th of this month, and went into the skittle-ground and saw the man Tregrove; he had the coat is his hand; he said, 'This coat is cheap at 2l., who will buy it?' there were two or three more persons there; they looked at the coat; I looked at the coat myself, and offered him 28s. for it; be hemmed and hawed a little time and said,' You shall have it for 28s.; 'I paid him 28s. and put the coat on."

Prisoner. I told the policeman who I bought it of, and likewise the person that that person bought it of.





EDWARD TOTTMAN

re-examined. He said before the Magistrate that be bought it of George Tregrove, who lived at 20, Bedfordbury, but he told me before that he bought it of some skittle sharks, and he did not know who they were—I went to 20, Bedfordbury, and found George Tregrove there.





GEORGE BLACKSHAW
 (police-sergeant, A 17.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted May, 1850, and confined four months)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. * Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

