



1343. 




HENRICK LEIN
. 

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henrich Frohlich, and stealing 1 breast-pin, 3 pieces of paper, and 1 box, value 13s. 6d.; the goods of 



Leonhard Keiser.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






LEONHARD KEISER
 (through an interpreter). I lodge at Mr. Frohlich's 7, Prince's-square, in the back-room first-floor. On 18th May, about four

o'clock in the afternoon, I saw my hat-box safe there; it had a gold breast-pin, and some papers in it, my property—I went out about half an hour afterwards, returned between 10 and 11, and found the box cut open, and all the things out of it strewed about the floor—the box had been locked with a padlock, and another lock also, and the room door was locked and the key in my pocket—I have seen all the papers again but one.





FRANZ EICHHORN
 (through an interpreter). I lodge at this house. On the Sunday previous to 18th May, the prisoner asked me which box belonged to the tall Swiss, and which to the other, and which he thought had the most money—during the week he asked me several times about Mr. Frohlich's going out, but particularly so on the Saturday evening—on Sunday evening, the 18th, when I was going to bed, I heard a terrible noise, took my candle, went out of the room and found the prisoner—I asked what was the matter—he said he had fallen down-stairs—his elbow was white—I was going to bed, and he came and asked me whether Mr. Frohlich and his wife were gone out—I said, "Yes;" and the prisoner took the candle out of my hand—I went down-stairs with him, and when he came to the prosecutor's door he took a key out of his pocket and opened it, and I directly heard a breaking of boxes, and hammering against some iron—I was afraid to go down-stairs, because two days before, he had shown me a knife, and threatened he would use it—I lighted a candle at the second-floor front window—I afterwards made a communication to Mr. Frohlich.

Prisoner. Q. What answer did you give me when I asked which box contained the most money? A. I said, I did not know—I did not ask you what you wanted to do with my candle—I was in the next room when I heard the breaking of boxes—I never asked you for any tools, and you never lent me any, and I did not put any tools into your pocket.





THOMAS KELLY
 (policeman, H 2). On 18th May, about half-past 9 o'clock, in consequence of information, I and Mr. Frohlich put ourselves in a position to watch 7, Princes-square—I saw a man in the front room first-floor strike a light—it disappeared shortly after, and I heard a hammering noise which proceeded, as far as I can judge, from the back-part of the house—Eichhorn put his head out of the window, and called out something in Dutch or German, which appeared to be addressed to Mr. Frohlich—after that Mr. Frohlich opened the door, and I and Wigley went in, and I saw the prisoner coming down the stairs from the back first-floor room with a candle in his hand—he threw down the candle, and stamped on it—I took him into custody, and he said, "Me no thief!"—I took him to the back-room, found the door open, but the bolt was shot forward, and the boxes were broken to pieces, and the papers and clothes strewed all over the floor—I searched the prisoner, and found these two papers on him.





EDWARD WIGLEY
 (policeman, H 141). I was watching with Kelly, and saw a light come three or four times to the top-floor—I am positive it was the prisoner brought it—I followed Kelly into the house, saw the prisoner on the stairs with a candle, and when he saw us he threw it down and stamped on it—I pinioned him, put handcuffs on him, and took him to the back-room, where we found the boxes broken open—in the prisoner's pocket I found two pairs of pincers, one of which had a piece broken off it, a bradawl, a hammer, two locks, and a key—the key fitted Keiser's door—it had been recently filed—on the landing where we had the scuffle with the prisoner I found a gold pin—on the stairs I found one piece of a pair of pincers, and another in Keiser's box, and they correspond with the broken pincers.





HENRICH FROHLICH
 (through an interpreter). I keep the house, 7, Princessquare.

square. From information I received from Eichhorn, a few days before this happened, I set Kelly to watch—the prisoner has lodged with me twelve weeks, and Eichhorn fifteen.
(The prisoner stated, through the Interpreter, that the witness Eichhorn told him he had been requested by Mr. Frohlich to put tin corners on the boxes of the two Swiss, and that he (the prisoner) lent him the tools to do so; that Eiehhon came to him again for another pair of pincers, stating that he had broken the first, but would recompense him for them; that Eichhorn afterwards put the tools into his (the prisoner's) pocket, and that the lock of the door had been bought only a few days before, when no doubt the key was filed.)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

