




670. 




CHARLES CHRISTIAN MOLLER
 and 




WILLIAM FOSTER



, feloniously making upon a copper plate a promissory note for the payment of money, purporting to be a note of the Malare Provinces' Private Bank, recognised by Oscar, King of Sweden.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
SLEIGH
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES MORRISH
. I am an engraver, of No. 50, Oakley-street, Lambeth, About 29th April, Foster called on me and showed me a foreign bank note, and asked me if it was possible to copy it—I told him it was quite possible—he wanted to know the expense—I asked him if he wanted it on steel or copper—he asked if there would be any difference in the expense—I said that it would depend entirely on the number of copies they might with struck off—he said that he was not sure how many, but he imagined they would require about 8,000—I told him the expense would be 4l. for engraving—he said that it was not for himself, he had other parties to show it to, and he could not give me an answer then, but would call again—he called on 2nd May and showed me another note, that was not like the

former; he asked me if that would be more difficult and more expense—I told him, "Yes," and that I should expect 8l. for doing that—he said that he had had an estimate from Mr. Austin, of Bartlett's-buildings, Holborn, who had offered to do it for 3l. 10s.—I then said that I would do it for three guineas—this (produced) is the note to which he referred, he took it away in that occasion, and I think both prisoners called on me on the 6th—they produced the note again, gave me the order, produced a blank copper plate, and gave me the order to go on with it, to engrave a face simile—Foster gave me two sovereigns and a half in the shop, for which I gave him a memorandum—Holler was then outside, and Foster told me not to take notice of the money transaction before the other, as he did not want him to know the terms—he then called Holier into the shop, and said that we had made the arrangement; he pointed to the note and said that it must be exactly like it—one of them asked me what time it would be, and I said, "Ten or twelve days"—Foster said that he should look in occasionally as he passed, to see the progress of the work—the name of Hughes and Kimber, of Shoe-lane, is stamped upon the plate as the makers of it—I communicated on that very day with the solicitors for the prosecution, and subsequently with the Swedish Consul—on 12th May, the prisoners called to see the progress of the work, but I told them I had nothing to show them—on the evening of the 15th, they came again together, and asked what progress I had made in the work—I showed them the plate, of which I had done a small portion—Foster, on that occasion, showed me a piece of plate paper, and Holier asked me if I knew what make it was, whether it was English or foreign, he said that he rather thought it was Dutch make—I think Foster came alone, early on the morning of the 17th, the day the plate was to be completed—I said that it would not be ready till the following Wednesday, the 21st—on the 21st Foster called, and I told him that I had no doubt that the plate was completed, that it was at the machine rulers, but I had a proof or two unfinished—he said that he had another party to show them to, and took them away—in about an hour both prisoners came, and Foster said, "I have now brought the gentleman with me"—that was Holler—these (produced) are the two impressions; Foster produced them, and showed me that I had omitted putting two dots over the first a in the word Malare, and that if I looked at the original I should see it—I said that the note was with the plate at the machine ruler's, bat I could alter it—I said that I should have a sovereign to pay to the machine ruler, and no doubt they could have it complete in two hours—Moller paid me a sovereign, and asked me whether I was busy—I said that I was that week, but the following week I should have very little or nothing to do—he said that he could be able to give me another job—the plate produced in the one I engraved by their direction, and the impressions taken from it are what I gave to Foster.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How do you know that this is the Dote? A. I think you will find my initials at the back of it—you may consider this a very clumsy imitation, I did it in a hurry, I knew that it was not to go through the hands of a banker—it pleased my customers, they said that it was very good—I did it as speedily as possible—it is not done nearly as well as the original—I engraved every stroke of it with my own hand.





CHARLES AUSTIN
. I am a copper-plate printer of Bartlett's-building. In April last two persons came to me—the prisoners resemble them, but I cannot be positive—I believe they are the men—they produced a foreign

note, and asked me what I would engrave a face simile of it for—I said that I would do it for 3l. 10s.—they also produced a copper plate on which they wished it engraved—I did not notice it at the time, but afterwards I noticed the name of Hughes and Kimber on it—there is no other engraver or printer in Bartlett's-buildings besides myself.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not recognise them before the magistrate? A. No; I did not swear to them, and I never mean to—I say just the same now as then.

COURT. Q. Do I understand you to say, that looking at these two men, though unable to swear to them, you believe they are the men that came into your shop? A. I believe they are, but only from my ideas of the note which was shown to me—the men only came once.

Q. Have you any recollection of the men so as to form a belief? A. Well, I believe one to be a foreigner, that is all.





WILLIAM TOOVEY ASHFFELD
. I am a printer, of No. 6, Church-street, Lambeth. On 16th May the prisoners called on me, produced a note, and asked me what I should charge to print 1,000, something similar to that—I (MR. ROBINSON
objected to this evidence, as not being part of the case of forgery.
MR. BODKIN
stated, that he considered it of little importance, and would rather waive it than discuss it.)





JAMES STANGE
 (policeman, L 89). I was employed to watch Mr. Morrish's house, and on 12th May went there in plain clothes, and saw the prisoners within a yard or two of the door about 11 o'clock in the morning—they both went in together, and in six or seven minutes came out together, and went down Oakley-street into the Westminster-road, and over Westminster-bridge, where I lost sight of them—they were together all the while they were under my observation—I had orders to follow them—I lost sight of them in a very peculiar place—there is a court there, and I did not wish them to see that I was following them—on 15th I was at Mr. Morrish's again, and Foster came at about half-past six o'clock in the evening—I followed him over Blackfriars-bridge to Devonshire-street, Queen-square, Holborn—I did not see him go into a house, but I had a boy with me who did—on 21st May I was at Mr. Morrish's again, and about 1 o'clock Foster entered the shop—he was there about five or six minutes, and I saw him come out with a paper parcel in his hand—he walked down Oakley-street, and I followed him into the Westminster-road—he went into Mount's gardens, and I saw the two prisoners there in Carlisle-lane (I did not see the other join him, but he went into a court, and soon after I saw them both together in Carlisle-lane)—they went along North street—and then they both looked at a paper—it appeared to be strange paper, with the impression of a bank note on it—they both had it in their hands—it was like this note—Thornton and another officer were in the neighbourhood—I assisted Sergeant Williamson in taking the prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it 21st May? A. Yes; I had followed them that day about an hour—I did not want them to see me, and kept at a respectful distance—I was in a court in North-street, and they were standing there, and being in plain clothes, I passed them and saw the paper—they both held it—they had their faces towards it and towards the street—they appeared to me to be both holding it and looking at it—I did not pass quickly, I walked slowly along—the court is about three yards wide I suppose; it is not quite so wide as this Court—I was alone.

COURT. Q. Where was it you saw them looking at the paper? A. In a court in North-street; I was walking along the street, and saw them in

the court, looking towards the street—I was about two yards from them when I passed the end of the court.





STEPHEN THORNTON
 (police inspector A). I am chief of the detective force. On 21st May I was in the neighbourhood of Mr. Morrish's shop, and saw Foster about 1 o'clock—I followed him some short time afterwards and saw him turn round the top of Oakley-street, where I lost sight of him and the other prisoner together—there is a court in North-street—I saw them there with these two papers in their hands open, like this, examining them—I passed by and then returned, and they were still standing in the court; they afterwards came out, and Foster was wrapping something up in a piece of paper, which appeared to me to be these impressions; he put them into his coat pocket—after that I again saw them in Mr. Morrish's shop, but did not see them go in—they came out in about six or seven minutes, and I and another officer followed them, and took them into custody—I searched Foster, and found these impressions rolled up in his coat tail pocket, and these two other papers (produced), on which some manuscript words are—Holler was searched by Sergeant Williamson—Foster refused his address at first—he was asked his name, but I do not recollect what he said; I could not say positively whether he gave it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he give an answer? A. Yes; but I do not recollect what it was—I believe he refused his address—we did not know where he was, till we went to Holler's house, and learned from Moller's wife where he did live—I believe he refused to give his address at first—I have not forgotten what he told me—I will not undertake to say that these are the two papers, but they are similar papers—my belief is founded on the sight I had of them—they were turning their backs, and each holding a corner of the paper—they were partly between me and the paper—I saw Stanage—we were in various positions, sometimes before each other—I cannot tell whether Stanage had gone before me, for we both went up and down the street—I went up and down, and, to the best of my knowledge, went up again a third time—I do not mean that I saw them in the court three times—I do not know whether at the time I saw them in the court I was following Stanage, or he me—there were three or four constables, and we were doing our best to keep out of sight, and found dodging up and down to be the best way, and, finding that they did not come, I returned down the street, and they were in the court again, and I watched, and saw them come out of the court—when I saw them reading the paper, I was on the other side of another street, which is seven or eight steps across, or not much more—it is not as wide as Cornhill—it is a back street—the office of the clerk of the peace is at the corner, and it runs into the Westminster' road—I should think the street is as wide from kerb to kerb as from herd to that desk.





FREDERICK WILLIAMSON
 (police sergeant). I am a detective—I was with Thornton on the days in question—I was at the station when the prisoners were taken there—they were both asked their names and addresses, and they refused them, I think, but am not sure of it, for I was in a back part of the station—I searched Muller; nothing material to this ease was found on him.





RICHARD MULLENS
. I am solicitor to the prosecution. I was at the police station at Lambeth when the prisoners were brought there—the inspector on duty asked Moller his name and address—he refused to give either—he said, "I decline to state"—I then told Moller what his name

was, because I knew him—the same question was then asked of Foster and he said, "I shall not give it"—I did not know him before.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Thornton in the office? A I am not sure—Williamson was in the outer part of the station—I believe I was alone in the inspector's room with him—I know the inspector by sight, but do not know his name. (The two papers were not read, being in Swedish, but
MR. BODKIN
stated that they were copies of the contents of the notes.)





WILLIAM TOTTIE
, Esq. I am vice-consul for Sweden and Norway, and am one of the firm of Charles Tottie and Sons, we are agents for the Malare Provinces Private Bank, in Sweden. The bank is at the town of Western—this is one of the notes of that bank, I superintended its preparation—they were engraved in London, and I transmitted them to Sweden, by steam boat, ten years ago—I do not swear to the note, but there have been no notes printed but those I sent out—this is worth about 11s. 1d. in. English money—the translation of it is, "The Malare Provinces Private Bank, redeems, on demand, this note, with six dollars six, and thirty-two schillings banco. Westerns, 1st. Oct., 1847"—it entitles the bearer to receive the amount, which in English money, amounts to 11s. 1d.—six-dollars means dollars of the kingdom—these manuscript papers are transcripts of the contents of the note.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever been in Sweden? A. Yes, nine years ago; in 1847, that is the date of the notes—I only know by our correspondence that the bank is still existing—we are in constant correspondence with in.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Are you their agents in London? A. Yes, and have corresponded with them within a fortnight or three weeks.
(This being the case for the prosecution,
MR. ROBINSON
contended that the existence of the company was not, proved.
THE COURT
considered, that at present there was no proof of whom the company consisted.)

COURT
to
W. TOTTIE, Esq. Q. Are you personally acquainted with the constitution of the bank? A. Yes, I have the constitution at my office—the company consists of a body of shareholders—I am sufficiently acquainted with the law of Sweden to know that they are a corporate body.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. You say that there are shareholders, you do not know who they are, except by some document which you have? A. I cannot say—there are directors, they vary, some of them go out by rotation, and others come in—I only know the constitution, from the papers at my office.

COURT. Q. Where is your office? A. In Broad-street—here is an official translation (produced) of the constitution, by a clerk in my office; it has been made recently—if the original is produced, you will not understand much of it—I got it at the Parliamentary paper office in Sweden, or it was bought for me—that was when it was first issued, I forget the date; it was 1845 or 1846 (looking at the translation) no, 1847—oh! here is the Act itself, attached to the translation.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you been in Sweden? A. I have—I have never been at the office of the bank—I have repeatedly taken these notes, not only in Sweden, but here—I know that the bank is composed of more shareholders than one—I have not the remotest doubt that the bank exists as a body corporate—I know that it does, I am in constant communication with it.

COURT. Q. Having been in Sweden, can you say whether this bank is

reputed to be a corporation? A. Yes, it is—it is seven years sine I was there, but I am in constant communication with it, is officially and non-officially—I did not bring this document with me from Sweden: it is in Swedish, and it published by Government—it is printed at the royal public press at Stockholm, as will be found upon it—(MR. ROBINSON
suggested that this could not be evidence, as somebody else merely told the witness that he bought it there)—when I was in Westerns, in 1847, I bad had all the trouble of getting these notes printed, and a deputation waited on me, and invited me to an entertainment—I forgot that before—I dined with the Directors—(MR. ROBINSON
objected to the document being read.
MR. BODKIN
pressed to being read, to which the
COURT
acceded


COURT
to
W. TOTTIE, Esq. Q. I must ask you to translate a portion of it. A. It is all translated—I have not examined it with the translation—this (the original) is in Swedish; it is an act of His Majesty in Council, signed by the King, and countersigned by one of the Secretaries of State; (The witness read parts of the document, by which it appeared that the company was incorporated in 1847 as a banking company, trading within the Malare provinces. Signed, Oscar, King of Sweden; to be read from the pulpit)—that is, it is to be read from every pulpit in Sweden—that means "proclaimed"—I know this document to be one of the State Acts of Sweden—(The
COURT
decided upon admitting it as evidence),

MR. ROBINSON. Q. You never passed one of these notes in Sweden? A. Yes; I transmitted them to Sweden, but I was there after that, in 1847—they are in general circulation; I continually have remittances from Sweden in these notes now—I have had them consigned to me—I have taken them myself recently.
(MR. ROBINSON
contended that there was no proof that the notes were still in circulation.
THE COURT
considered that there was.
MR. ROBINSON
then contended that there was no engraving of a perfect note by the prisoners; and as to a part of a note, it was a mere constructive engraving, done by an innocent agent; and the note not being finished, the ornamental part being omitted, the prisoners would only be answerable for what they themselves ordered, it never being the intention to have part of a note engraved, Mr. Morrish choosing, before the note was perfect, to do something which was not within the original order; and further, that it was necessary to show that the prisoners had done it fraudulently.
MR. RECORDER, in leaving the case to the Jury, was of opinion that it came within the legal principle of "omne majus continet in se minus," that if a man orders the whole, he may be taken to order a part; and as to their having done it fraudulently, there was no such word in the Act of Parliament, which stated, "If any person shall engrave or have in their possession without authority" the word "engrave" meaning "engrave fraudulently;" if, however, it became necessary, the point might be reserved.)

MOLLER—



GUILTY, with intent to defraud.
 Aged 45.

FOSTER—



GUILTY, with intent to defraud.
 Aged 30.
(The prisoners were further charged with having been before convicted.)





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I produce a certificate of Moller's Conviction—(Read: Central Criminal Court—Charles Christian Hotter, Convicted, April, 1855, on his own confession, of embezzling 1,302l. 10d., 1,072l. 13s. 11d. 623l. 14s. 1d., and 200l.—
Confined one year)—I attended the trial—he is the man.

MOLLER.
GUILTY.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.







HENRY MEEKING
 (policeman, P 107). I produce a certificate of Foster's conviction—(Read: Central Criminal Court—William Foster, Convicted,



Oct., 1855, of uttering a forged request for the delivery of coals—
Confined six months)—I was present, he is the same person.

FOSTER—GUILTY.—



Four Years Penal Servitude.


