





648. 




LOUISA MORTLOCK,



 JOHN BARTON
, and 




WILLIAM SMITH



, stealing, on the 
30th March, a purse, value 6d.; and 18 pence, in money, from the person of 



Louisa Brown. 
MORTLOCK, who was also charged with having been before convicted, pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






LOUISA BROWN
. I was staying at No. 6, Belmont-hill, Lea, at the time of the robbery. On the 13th March I was at Greenwich Fair, at 2 o'clock in the day—I had a blue silk purse, and a shilling and sixpence in it—a police constable came up to me—I looked to the place where my money was—I found no money or purse—I next saw the purse when the policeman showed it me—this (produced) is it.





JAMES WILLIAM CROUCH
 (police constable, R 118). On Wednesday, 80th March, I went to Greenwich Fair, in plain clothes—I saw the prisoners there—my attention was called to them between half-past 2 and 3 o'clock—I was ten minutes or a quarter of an hour watching them—they were all three together; they were talking and walking together—at the expiration of that time I saw them go to the side of the prosecutrix—the female prisoner was on the right hand side, the prisoner Barton in front, and Smith behind, what they term covering the female—I saw the female leave the prosecutrix—upon that I went up to her—the three prisoners shifted from the prosecutrix, and went to the back of the booth—I followed them 30 or 40 yards, and from what the prosecutrix stated to me 1 caught hold of the female prisoner, and in catching hold of her she threw the purse out of her right band

—that is the purse—I took her into custody, and gave her over to another constable—(Barton had got away)—I did not see 1s. 6d. under her feet—with respect to Barton, I went to the back of the booth; there was no crowd, and in getting through rather earlier than what I expected, I met Barton at the top of the fair—I spoke to another constable, and told him to take him into custody—I told them at the station they were charged with stealing a purse from a lady—they were all there—they said they knew nothing about it—the female did not say anything—I am quite positive I saw those persons together (looking at the prisoners)—after the robbery they shifted away, all three together, and went to the back of the booth.

Smith. Q. Where was I standing? A. You stood in front, between the lady and the prisoners.





JOHN NEWELL
 (City policeman, 340). I was on duty at Greenwich Fair on Wednesday, 30th March—I saw Barton after he was taken into custody—I did not see the prisoners before—I saw Smith and Mortlock talking together before the robbery—before I was called on by Crouch I saw Smith and the female together—I apprehended Smith—I told him he was in charge for being concerned with a female in stealing a purse—he said he had not been with no female, and did steal no purse—I saw 1s. 6d. under her feet.

Smith, Q. When you catched hold of me, what did I say? A. You said you had been with no female, and did steal no purse. (The prisoners Barton and Smith protested their innocence.)

BARTON—


GUILTY
.** Aged 17.—



Confined Twelve Months.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—



Confined Six Months.

