




1329. 




GEORGE WILMOT
 and 




WILLIAM SMITH



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Francis Virgo Sanderson, and stealing 20 spoons, and other articles, value 9l. 15s.; 4 10l. and 7 5l. bank-notes; and 16 half-crowns, 30 shillings, and 20 sixpences; his property: both having been before convicted.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCIS VIRGO SANDERSON
. I am an oilman, and live at 17, Seymour-street, Euston-square; it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Pancras. On Sunday, 9th June, I left my house, with my wife, about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon—my servant had gone out about two hours before—I went out at the private door, and shut it after me—the shop door was fast—I left no one in the house—I left in a cash-box, in my iron chest, four 10l. and seven 5l. notes, 9l. in gold, and 4l. in silver—the chest was locked, and the key of it was locked up in a drawer up-stairs—that drawer was broken open, and the chest had been unlocked with the key of it—the drawer had been opened with a chisel; there were the marks of it—I got home about half-past nine—I missed all the property I have mentioned—my wife missed some spoons and some coral beads—I lost a watch, some rings, a pearl brooch, a great-coat, and other things—the value of the whole was perhaps 105l. or 110l.—these are the beads (produced)—there was no clasp to them; they were just in the state they are now.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you wear them? A. No; my wife wore them, and my child wore them after her mother's death—my second wife has worn them.





ELIZA BURNELL SANDERSON
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I went out with him that day—when I came home I missed twenty-one spoons, the coral beads, and other property—I saw these beads in the drawer, where I put then—they had been there some months, but I put them into a box in the drawer about a fortnight before—that was a drawer that was broken open.





EDWARD LUCAS
. I live in Milton-crescent, Euston-square. On the evening of 9th June I was in Seymour-street, opposite Mr. Sandersons, about half-past seven o'clock, or twenty-five minutes to eight—I saw the two prisoners passing and repassing his house twenty or thirty times—I knew them before—I heard of this robbery, and gave information.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you get your living? A.


By honest work; I last worked for Mr. Dunn, an oilman, in Cannon-street; that is seven or eight months back—I have since been working for my wife's aunt, she is a milk-woman—I have carried milk about to different places—I carried milk about three weeks back—I have never been accused of robbing my father—I never sent a person to my father to tell him I had got into the police, and to send me some money—my father did not send word that if I had got into the police I must remain there, for I had broken his drawers, and taken his property—I sent a person to tell my father that my wife was very ill, and to come over—my father never accused me of breaking his drawers, and stealing his property—he never said that I had stolen anything, or taken anything—I have never been in custody, or locked up for a night—I was never in Bridewell; I do not know where it is—I have never been connected with persons in skittle-playing, in order to take in the green-horns—I mean to swear I have always been getting my living honestly—I was never accused of anything, or locked up at all—I have played at skittles, but not for some time—if I went to a skittle-ground I played for a pint of beer, if I lost a pint I did not play any more.





MARY ANN KEARNEY
. I am married, and live at 67, Seymour-street. About half-past eight o'clock, on the evening of 9th June, I was at my window, immediately opposite Mr. Sanderson's, and saw the two prisoners come out of his house—Smith came out first—they joined company, and went away, in a quick way, together—I did not see that they had anything with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you not say you would not like to swear to Smith? A. I had an objection to swear to him at Clerken well, because I did not like to take an oath; not because I did not recollect the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. At first were you certain about Wilmot? A. No, he answered the description of the person.

COURT. Q. What was your uncertainty about him? A. I did not take notice of him—the other one stood at the corner for a moment, waiting for him—I have no doubt in my own mind that Wilmot was one of the men—he answers the description of him in size and height—I did not notice his face.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant, F 11). From information I went to a room, at No. 7, Saville-street, Fitzroy-square—I found the two prisoners there—Wilmot was in bed—it was about nine o'clock in the morning, on Wednesday, the 12th of June—I charged them with this robbery, they said they knew nothing about it—in a closet in the room I found these seventy-six keys; some of them are skeleton keys—I found these two chisels, eleven files, this necklace, and this dark lantern—I found on Smith this new watch and Albert chain, and four sovereigns in his waistcoat pocket, and at the station I found in his fob-pocket this purse, with eighteen sovereigns in it—he told me I might keep that and say nothing about it—these beads were in a drawer in the room—amongst the skeleton keys I found this one, which opened the door of Mr. Sanderson's house—it had been lately filed and fitted up—here are notches on this chisel—I have compared them with the drawers at the prosecutor's, and they correspond with the marks on the brass and wood work—I found ten duplicates in the prisoners' room—one of them relates to the pawning of a watch on 1st June—I asked Wilmot whose the duplicates were—he said they were his—I said, "Whose watch is this the duplicate of?"—he said it was his—I found this other watch and chain on Smith—he claimed them.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was Smith? A. He was in the room—I think he was in the act of putting his coat on—he had just got up, apparently—he offered me the eighteen sovereigns at the station-house—the inspector was there, the prosecutor was not—I dare say the gaoler was there—he said, "You may keep them"—I do not think he said it loud enough for other persons to hear—the marks that I fitted this chisel to, were on the drawers—any chisel of this size would make the same sized mark, but this chisel has notches in it—you may get 500 chisels not exactly notched like this.

COURT. Q. Have you any doubt, on comparing the marks on the drawers with this chisel, that they were made by this instrument? A. Not the least.





JAMES BROWN
 (policeman, 142 F). I went with Thompson to the prisoner's lodging—I searched between the mattress and the bed on which Wilmot was lying—I found thirteen sovereigns, seven shillings in silver, and this watch and chain, which were claimed by Wilmot—I found in Wilmot's fob-pocket this banker's deposit receipt for 30l. in the London and Westminster Bank, on the 11th June.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Did you see any woman at the prisoner's place? A. Yes, a female who represented herself as the wife of Wilmot.





THOMAS DAVIDSON
. I am clerk in the London and Westminster Bank, in Holborn—I know this receipt; it is my writing—the prisoners came on the 11th June, and deposited 30l. in sovereigns, they were together—I believe it was Wilmot deposited the sovereigns—he gave the name of "George Greenwood Chambers, No. 7, Sackville-street."





WALTER HOLMES
 (policeman, F 50). I produce a certificate of the conviction of Wilmot, at this Court, by the name of Henry Rowland(read—Convicted Jan. 1848, and confined six months)—I was present—he is the man.





WILLIAM EDWARD WATSON
. I produce a certificate of Smith's former conviction, at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted, Sept. 1848, confined three months)—I was present—he is the person.

WILMOT—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

SMITH



GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
