





250. 




WILLIAM PIERCE,



 JAMES BURGESS
, and 




WILLIAM GEORGE TESTER
, were indicted for

 stealing on 
15th May, 1855, 200 lbs. weight of gold; 400 oz. weight of other gold; 100 bars of gold; 10 orders for the payment of 1, 000l.; 10 warrants for the payment of 1, 000l., and money to the amount of 1, 000l., the property of the 

South Eastern Railway Company, their masters. 2nd COUNT., for simple larceny. 3rd COUNT., for stealing the property in the dwelling house of the company. 4th COUNT., for feloniously receiving the same.


MR. SERJEANT SHEE., with
MESSRS. BODKIN. and
MONK., conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD AGAR
. (a prisoner). I am at present a convict under sentence of transportation for life; that is under a conviction for uttering a forged bankers' cheque—I am one of the persons by whom a robbery of gold was effected in May, 1855, on the South Eastern Railway Company—I know the three prisoners—I have known Pierce I should think about five years; it might be more—he was not in the employment of the South Eastern Railway Company when I knew him—I have known Burgess between three and four years—I knew him employed as one of the guards of that company—I have known Tester I think somewhere about the same time—he was in the employment of the company, in the superintendent of traffic's office.

Q. When did you first have any conversation with either of the prisoners upon the subject of this robbery? A. The first time I had any conversation was with Pierce about four years since, I should think—I had been to the United States of America—I saw Pierce upon this robbery after my return, but I knew him previously to going—when I returned he was a clerk at Clipstone's betting office, in King—street, Covent-garden—I met him in King-street accidentally—I had conversation with Pierce on the subject of this robbery before I went to America; it was then proposed to commit the robbery provided we could, and I declined it—I did not think it was practicable to be done—I then left and went to America, and when I returned I met Pierce accidentally; he asked me if I thought anything more about the robbery; I said I thought it was impossible to be done, unless an impression of the keys could be got—he said he thought he could get them, if I would undertake it—I had several meetings with Pierce after that; the conversation was generally how to obtain possession of these keys—upon his telling me he thought he could procure impressions of the keys, I said if he could do so I would have no objection to undertake to complete the robbery—the matter was then left—he said he would endeavour to see Tester, and when he did he would let me know—Tester and Burgess were the two names he mentioned as being connected at that time.

Q. How was that stated, in answer to any question of yours, or how? A. Merely stating, was he sure he could get the impression, it was no use my waiting if he could not, and he said, "No doubt in course of time he could do so;" that was the conversation that passed.

Q. Was anything said about how many persons were to be concerned in it? A. Yes, four, three besides myself—that was in answer to a question of mine—I asked him if he could get the impressions how many parties would be connected with it; he said there would be four, naming Tester, Burgess, himself, and myself—this was the subject of conversation several times when I met Pierce—this was about four years ago, when I first came

back from America—I went down to Folkestone about twelve months before the robbery—in the interval I had seen Burgess—I had seen Pierce several times—I had seen Burgess, but Tester I had not seen up to that time, although I knew him—I had not seen him about this robbery—before I went to Folkestone I had conversation about the robbery, at which Burgess was present, and also with Tester before I went to Folkestone—I could not state the number of times I had seen Burgess before I went to Folke-stone, it was so many—I used to meet him at Sterne's, being the usual house he went to, and I have seen him at his own house—on those occasions when Burgess has been present, I did not see Tester—I had seen Tester before I went down to Folkestone—I saw him at Margate, he was station master there, I went down there to see him—when Burgess was present with Pierce and myself, the conversation was that Pierce had communicated with Tester, because he had more control over Tester than I had—Pierce stated to me that Tester was at Margate and wished to see me, that he could show me the impression of the cash box if that would be any criterion for me to go by to make the keys for the bullion chest—I went down to Margate and saw Tester—I went with him to his lodging, took some tea with him, and I stopped there that night, and returned to London in the morning—he showed me the iron safe that was in the office at Margate; and in the morning he showed me the key belonging to a cash box that comes up the line with the money for the different stations, and he asked me if that would be any guide for me to make the keys of the bullion chest by—I said not the least—he said it was a great pity that Pierce had not named it to him before, for when he was clerk at the harbour office at Folkestone he had the keys in his possession, and that induced me and Pierce to go down to Folkestone—I should say, as near as my memory will permit, that it was about six or seven months after seeing Tester at Margate, that Pierce and I first went to Folkestone—when I returned from Margate I saw Pierce; I saw Burgess, I believe at night, or when his train came in—I went round and saw him and communicated to him what my opinion was upon what reports Tester had made to me at Margate—they asked my opinion upon it, and I said the only thing would be to go down to Folkestone, take an apartment and stop there and watch the tidal trains in and out, and see if the keys were there according to the report that Tester had given—it was arranged that that should be done—I and Pierce then went to Folkestone—that was about a year before the robbery and about six months after the conversation with Tester at Margate—Pierce and I hired two bed rooms and a sitting room at Folkestone—I do not know the name of the house, it was on the right hand side going from the up station towards the town—I went by the name of Adams there—I do not know the name that Pierce went by—I do not know whether he gave any name or not—I took the apartments in the presence of Pierce—I should think we stopped at Folkestone probably a fortnight—I could not say the time exactly—we stopped there till Pierce was driven away by the inspector of police—we used to go down to the harbour on the arrival of the train from London and the boat from Boulogne, watch the iron safe and see whether they unlocked it or what was done—we did not succeed in seeing them for some time, and by being down there so often the police took notice of us—the inspector at Folkestone followed Pierce—I told him that he was looking after him—I supposed he thought he was there for picking pockets or something of that, and Pierce took him through the town and got away from him in some way, and went to the lodging, I went to the lodging to have my tea, and met Pierce there—in consequence

of that, Pierce came up to London that same day, leaving me there—I either remained a week or stopped till the week was up, I cannot say which—I noticed on one occasion the way in which the safe that brought the bullion was—before Pierce left, we noticed generally the way in which it came—we were always there to notice whether the bullion safe was opened or not—we had not seen it opened.

COURT. Q. You said you saw it opened on one occasion? A. Yes, on one occasion which I will mention.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was that on the occasion of a parcel coming? A. No; it was before Pierce came up; a chest was going to be sent up to London empty, it was placed on the platform, and a man named Sharman, I believe a ticket porter, came out to lock the chest; and he used one key and there was another key suspended, which I supposed was the key of the other lock—I saw that done, and when he had locked it I followed him into the office, to see where he put the keys; and he put them into the cash till, a drawer under the desk that is at the office where the tickets are distributed at the harbour station—when I came up to London I saw Pierce and Burgess—during the time I remained at Folkestone after Pierce had left, I frequented a house there kept by a man of the name of Meadows, or some such name, in the upper part of the town—Chapman and Ledger, the two clerks, used to go there, and I used to go there to play at billiards with them—I did not succeed in getting any information from them—they gave me no facility whatever in the object I had in view—Pierce was living in Walnut-tree-walk, Lambeth, at this time—I mentioned to Pierce what had happened at Folkestone during his absence—I named to him that I had been down there seeing the trains in, and the policeman was always there looking for him—I stated to him that I thought we should be able to get the impressions, provided I had an introduction to one of the men, of the name of Sharman I think it was but, being a stranger, I could not make myself acquainted with him—it was then arranged (Pierce made the arrangement) that he should see Tester and make an appointment for Tester to meet me at Folkestone, and introduce me to this Sharman to walk about the station with me—Pierce met Tester, and made the arrangement to meet me there—I did not see him meet Tester—he told me that he had done so, and I was to go down to Folkestone, and stop there, and Tester was to meet me there as it were by accident—I went down alone—I should think that was something like eight or nine months previous to the robbery—I cannot speak correctly to dates—I stopped at the Pavilion Hotel that time—I only remained there two or three days, to the best of my recollection—I saw Tester at the up station on the Sunday, and we walked together down to the harbour station, and walked about—when I met him he merely asked me how I was, and such like, or if the parties were there—I said I had seen them, but I could not introduce myself to them—he said, "I will make it all right for you"—we walked arm in arm together down to the harbour station, and went into the office—he showed me about the office, and the, telegraph, and such like, and there we saw the man named Sharman, the ticket clerk—Tester introduced me to Sharman as "a friend of mine, stopping here for some little time"—when he introduced me to Sharman, it was proposed that we should go to the Pavilion to have a glass of wine—Sharman consented, and brought a friend with him—Sharman, his friend, and me and Tester went into the Pavilion—I called for some sherry and biscuits, which we partook of—Tester and Sharman were in conversation about how business was going on there, whether they had much bullion crossing, and

such like; the principal of the conversation was between Tester and Sharman, I merely sat there as any other person—I believe Sharman to be the name of the man, the ticket clerk, or something similar to that name—Tester dined with me that day at Folkestone—it was on a Sunday, I do not know the date—no one but Tester dined with me.

Q. Was anything then said about this robbery? A. He asked me what my opinion was; I said, I thought it was very likely, as I had had an introduction to Sharman I might go with him at the time he was issuing out tickets, and get an impression of the keys—Tester came up to London on that same day—I stopped at Folkestone—I used to take a walk on to the beach, or round about, to pass away my time—I generally endeavoured to throw myself in the way of Sharman, but he was a very sedate young man—I could not get further than the time of day with him; I could not get at all intimate with him—I did not see anything more of the chest, or the place where the keys were kept—finding that I could not get any way familiar with Sharman, I came up to London—I saw Burgess and Pierce—I told them that I could not make any impression with this Sharman on account of his being so sedate, but we would let it remain a little while, and we would go down again when the police had forgotten Pierce, which was consented to—during this time the key of the bullion chest was lost—Pierce communicated it to me—he told me that he had received a letter from Tester, stating that one of the keys was lost, and the bullion chest would have to come up to Mr. Chubb's to be repaired—after Pierce had made this statement to me, he stated that Tester had told him he expected the box up, and to let him have some wax to take the impression—I objected to that—I said, "No, I must take the impression myself"—he saw Tester, and communicated that to him, and then the arrangement was made between Pierce and Tester for me to be at the arcade,—near the terminus, at a given hour of the day, and if he had the key he would let me take the impression—I went there accordingly, and met Tester—he stated that he had not got the key then—I met him the next day, and the same took place for two or three days or more—eventually I told him that I did not like standing under the arcade so much, and an appointment was then made to be at a beer shop at the corner of Tooley-street, kept by a man named Waller, or some such name, Wallis—I went there, and met Tester and Pierce—Tester produced two keys; they were new keys of Chubb's make—I told him that I must take one of them up stairs for a few minutes, at which he rather hesitated for a moment; he said, could not I do it there?—I said, I should prefer going up stairs—I rang the bell, and asked the waiter if I could go up stairs and wash my hands—he called the chamber maid, and she showed me up into a bed room; and I there took the impression of one of the keys; both keys were alike—I should say they were both for one lock, they were duplicate keys—I took two or three impressions on some wax—I then came down stairs, and returned the keys to Tester, and he went away, and I and Pierce went.

Q. At this time, were you in the habit of see Burgess? A. Yes; we were in the habit of meeting Burgess; we always knew what train Burgess was upon, and if we had not any appointment made with him, we used to go to Sterne's and meet, and when he came in, if we had anything particular to talk about we used to go out into the dark—Sterne kept a public house in Tooley-street or a turning into Tooley-street, frequented by the servants of the company—I saw Burgess after taking the impressions of the key, I stated to him that we had one, that was half way, but the one was very

little use without the other—the first time of my going to Sterne's beer shop was with Pierce; I met him there several times afterwards—I and Pierce and Burgess talked the matter over, how we could obtain the second key—it was proposed that I should go down to Folkestone and stop at the Pavilion Hotel, and Pierce was to send a letter to me in the name of Archer, stating that he would forward a box to me containing 600l. or 700l.—I was possessed of money at that time, I advanced, I think, between 200l. and 300l. for that purpose, in sovereigns—I went down to Folkestone on a Saturday, and stopped at the Pavilion—I received a letter from Pierce through the post—I destroyed that letter; it stated that he would forward a box down to me in the care of either Ledger or Chapman—I do not know which, and that he had insured it to the value of 600l. or 700l., I forget which—it was to be sent in a small box, to be insured at the London terminus in the usual way and directed for E. A Archer, to the care of one or other of those persons at the Folkestone station—I received the letter on the Saturday—I went to the office in the harbour, produced the letter to Chapman or Ledger, I do not remember rightly which it was that was in the office, and asked them if they had a box for me—they said it had not then arrived; and I told them I was stopping at the Pavilion if one should arrive—I inquired again on the Sunday; it had then arrived—I went to the upper station to see the train arrive and the iron chest put out—it was taken out in the ordinary way—it was then forwarded to the lower station—I walked down to the lower station and showed my letter to Chapman; Chapman stated that he believed he had got the box for me—I saw Chapman open the safe—he only used one key—there were two locks on the safe; but by unlocking one the safe opened, there was only one key used at that time—I noticed that he took that key from a cupboard at the back of the office, on the left hand going in—he took the box out and told me I must sign a form for the receipt of it—I told him that I was not able to do so as I had met with an accident and hurt my finger, and I would trouble him to do it for me, and he did so; he filled it up for me and said, I must get you to sign it, and I signed it in the name of E. R. Archer (looking at a paper)—this signature is my writing; the other part is in Chapman's—(read: "South Eastern Railway—Specie and Finance Way Bill, London to Folkestone, Oct. 30th, 1854; received the under—mentioned case in iron chest, J. Burgess, guard—address and destination, Ledger—of whom received, Wilkins, Basinghall-street—character of contents, gold and silver—value insured, 300l.—signed Weatherhead, S. M.—package addressed Archer, Pavilion Hotel, Folkestone—Received the above, C. J. Chapman, harbour master, Folkestone—Received the above, E. R. Archer, owner")—having obtained the parcel, I went with it to the Pavilion Hotel and asked the porter for a knife, opened it and took out the bag of gold—I believe the sovereigns that I gave to Pierce to put in that box were got from the Bank of England, but I am not quite positive of that—I came up from Folkestone, I believe, that same night, I then had an interview with Pierce; I communicated to him where the key was kept, and it was agreed that Pierce and I should go down to Dover—I also saw Burgess after my return—I stated to him where the key was kept—Pierce and I did go to Dover about a week after the receipt of the box—I cannot say at what time we arrived there, it was about mid-day—we stopped at the Rose, a commercial house just by the market place, opposite the church—we did not stop at the Rose a very long while—we walked over the hills to Folkestone the same day, by the sea coast—I cannot state the time exactly

that we got there—we went there to watch the arrival of the boat from Boulogne—we waited till she came in, and went down to the harbour—I noticed that Ledger and Chapman generally when the boat arrived left their office, and went out to search the passenger's luggage—when the boat arrived we were down on the harbour, and we saw Chapman and Ledger leave the office—I and Pierce went to the door of the harbour master's office where the clerks kept the key—I stood at the door—there is only one door—it is facing the water—Pierce went in to the cupboard, and brought the key to me—I took the impression of it, and gave it to him back, and he put it into the cupboard again—the door of the office was on the latch, not locked—I cannot say whether the cupboard from which Pierce took the key, was locked, but I supposed it was not, or he would not be able to get the key—I did not take any notice of the cupboard door; I was looking to see that Chapman did not come back—we returned to Dover the same day, and had our tea at the Rose, and after tea we returned to London by the train—after I had obtained the impression of the second key, I met Burgess in London, and communicated to him the success we had met with in getting the second key, and we said that it was a very good job we should be able to complete the robbery, and he said that he would do all that lay in his power to do so—he lived at New-cross at that time—there is a house near there called the Marquis of Granby, parting the road from Lewisham to Greenwich—I met him there on one or two occasions—Pierce was with me, and I think Tester, but I will not be sure—I met Burgess there several times—I next proceeded to make keys for the bullion chest from the impressions—as I had not the convenience to make them at Pierce's house, I and Miss Kay made up our altercation that we had, and I got the keys made at Cambridge villas—I finished them myself—I filed the blanks to the impression—at this time Pierce lived at Walnut-tree-walk—I began the filing in an empty room over the gateway in his house—there was a difference between me and Fanny Kay—she was living in Harleyford-road, Vauxhall, and I used to go backwards and forwards there—she was living as my wife—I had had a child by her—we made up our difference, and I took a house at Cambridge-villas, and she went to live with me—it was there that I went on finishing the keys—Pierce at that time lived at Walnut-tree-walk, and from there he removed to Crown-terrace, or Crown-place, Hampstead-road—I cannot rightly state the time I had been at Cambridge-villas before Pierce removed to Crown-terrace—after he removed there, he was in the habit of coming to Cambridge-villas—he assisted me to remove there from Harleyford-road—he was at Cambridge-villas, and assisted me to make a file, and any little thing I wanted him to do he did—we used to do that in the wash house adjoining the garden—the tools I used were files, and a hammer and chisel, whitesmith's tools—they were my tools, and were kept in a wooden box painted green, and also in a small wainscot box—these are them (produced), and here are some of my took—here are two in particular which I know—while the filing was going on, and after the keys were finished, an arrangement was made between me and Burgess and Pierce to go down and try them with the safe—we used to communicate to Tester, as we proceeded, what progress we had made—I was to go down with Burgess, and if he had the chest, to try them—I went down seven or eight times to try them; I travelled by the train as a second or a first class passenger, and if he had got the chest, I used to get into the van and try the keys, at Reigate, or any other place—I tried them five or six times, and altered them if they did not fit, and they at last

opened it—Burgess was always the guard, I never tried them except when he was guard, he saw me open it—after I had succeeded, I met Pierce and Tester at Burgess's house often; and it was stated to him that the safe was all ready, and that they were waiting till Burgess got on to the mail train—the tidal train is the train by which bullion is generally sent, but at certain times it would go by the mail train; any bullion that came after the tidal train had gone, was sent on by the mail—it was the mail train that was robbed—we had a meeting at Burgess's, to state what was to be done with the property, and how we were to go down to complete the robbery—I can speak to Burgess, Pierce, and myself being present—it was 12, 000l. worth of gold we thought, and we were to get shot to make that weight—we calculated that the 12, 000l. worth of gold would weigh about two cwt.—12, 000l. was spoken of, as we thought that would be as much as me and Pierce would be able to carry—I and Pierce went to the shot tower, over by the Suspension-bridge—Pierce went and bought one cwt., placed it in two small carpet bags, and brought it to the gate, he had one, and I had the other; we walked across the Suspension-bridge, got on an omnibus, and took the shot to Cambridge-villas—Pierce repeated the visit to the shot tower, and bought 50 lbs. twice again, making two half cwts.—I did not go the second time, or the third time, I only went once, and he bought the half cwts. at two different times—the bags were at first placed in the parlour, and afterwards they were taken out of the canvas bags in which they were, and placed in my trunk; they were brought in canvas bags—we afterwards weighed it into 8 lbs. and 4 lbs. parcels, and they were placed in some blue check bags—Fanny Kay was at home when I arrived, and a servant named Charlotte Paynter—they were the only persons, except my child, who lived in that house—my trunk was in the first floor bed room; the house consists of two rooms on the ground floor, and three on the first floor; there are no rooms above the first floor—the room I speak of was that in which I and Fanny Kay slept—the trunk always remained there until I came away, but the shot was taken from there, and placed in the wash-house in this box (the one produced) for the convenience of weighing it into 8 lbs. and 4 lbs. parcels—I do not think Fanny Kay had any opportunity of seeing us put the shot up in parcels; if she had opened the box she would have seen it, but I do not think she had curiosity enough to do so; at times it was open, and at times it was locked—I had the key—after that had been done, we had about 10 lbs. or 12 lbs. of shot more than we required, and me and Pierce carried it out in our pockets, and distributed it, in the fields, and the road, in the neighbourhood of Pierce's house, in Crown-terrace—we then had four leather courier bags made with a strap to sling over the shoulder, and go under the arm—Pierce and me ordered them together, at the corner of Drury-lane and Queen-street—we fetched them, and then tested them; we carried them with the shot to Cambridge-villas, and in so doing a few of the stitches came undone—I made some wax ends, and sewed them up at my place—they were made of drab leather—they had such a strap as this round this box, but this is not one of them—the shot was removed to Pierce's house, Crown-terrace, in carpet bags, by a cart and horse which Pierce got—the courier bags were placed inside the carpet bags with the shot—one bag, a black leather one, was made on purpose for Tester, I had it made for him; we four met together and asked Tester to come down to Reigate, and take part of the gold up, which would lighten our load, on his return to London—he consented, and I got that bag made for him, and placed it in the carpet

bag with the others—the shot was in the bag, and all these arrangements made at Pierce's house—I first saw that bag about a month or two before the robbery took place, I cannot speak accurately—all was then in readiness for the robbery—when Burgess got on the mail train, an arrangement was made that me, Pierce, Tester, and Burgess should meet at London-bridge on certain days which were picked out from the list of tidal trains; I am speaking now of the time when Burgess was on the tidal train, and I and Pierce went to St. Thomas's-street in the Borough in a cab with the carpet bag and the tools for breaking open the boxes—we hired the cab either at the cab stand by Chalk-farm or by the Red Cap—we did not go from Pierce's house, we walked a little way to the cab—Pierce had on a black wig and whiskers, and a cloak—he carried the two courier bags, one on each side, and a carpet bug in his hand,' and I had a cloak and two courier bags, and a carpet bag containing the shot—that was the first occasion—we drove to St. Thomas's-street, near the hospital—I got out, and left Burgess in the cab—I took my courier bag off, and my cloak—I walked according to appointment, and met Tester, who stated that there was none going down that night—we repeated that for five or six nights; I will not say exactly, but as many as that—Tester was the man that I generally used to see—I saw Burgess on one occasion—on all those occasions we found that the bullion chest was not going down, and we went back to the neighbourhood of Crown-terrace, and then carried the bags—when Tester came to the cab he had a conversation with Pierce at the window, general conversation about the robbery, but what the words were I cannot tax my memory with now; I learned, while out, that the bullion chest was not going down, and then he would come and have a conversation with Pierce, who was in the cab—I remember on one occasion being at a coffee shop in College-street, not on the night of the robbery, that was by the turnpike gate; but, previous to that, Pierce carried the large bag over his shoulder to a coffee house near the Eagle in Camden-town, left me there with my two courier bags and carpet bag, while he went home to make himself up with his wig, and bring the other things out, and he brought a cab, and we went together to London-bridge—on the night of the robbery, we were in a coffee house in High-street, Camden-town, near the Southampton Arms, near the turnpike gate—we walked there, and I and Pierce went in and had our tea, and Pierce left the bag, with the two large carpet bags, and the two courier bags; and, after some time, he returned with a cab—I lifted the large bag in, and we drove to St. Thomas's-street—we had each the two courier bags, and, when we reached there, I got out and went to the station as usual, and Burgess came out and wiped his face, which was the signal agreed upon that the chest was going down—he was at the gate of the station where carriages drive in, I do not know the name of it—he then went to his train, and I went to St. Thomas's-street, and found Pierce where I had left him—I got into the cab and told the cab man to drive to the Dover station—while he was driving to the station, I placed the two courier bags on and the cloak—I saw Tester between the outer station and the incline—he said in a hurried voice, "All right," and went towards the office to get his ticket, as I judged—I went and got two first class tickets, and gave the two carpet bags to the porter, telling him that they were for Dover, and to wait till I came—I kept on my courier bags—I gave one of the first class tickets to Pierce, and went on to the platform—Pierce got into a first class carriage, and I walked to the guard's box, saw the carpet bags, and said they were for Dover—they were given to Burgess, and he put them into his van—the small leather bag was inside one of the large bags—it was

within a few minutes of the time for the train to start—I then walked on; and, when Mr. Weatherhead, the superintendent's back was turned, I got in at one of these small doors (pointing to a model of the, van), where there is a break generally—it is the guard's place—that is where the bags were put—I got into a corner, and Burgess threw his apron over me while he took the baggage in—I saw the luggage in previous to my getting in—this inner door that slides was open when I got in—Burgess closed it after the train started.

COURT. Q. Were you in the receptacle for luggage till the train started? A. Yes; in the receptacle for the guard.

MR. BODKIN. How long did you remain there? A. Five or ten minutes, but the time passed very long being in that position—after the train started I got up and got in here, where I found the two iron safes—I went into the luggage compartment as soon as the train started—I opened the iron safe and took out one of the boxes—this is one of the boxes (produced); it was fastened by these iron bands and nails through the head, and it was sealed—I had a pair of pincers to raise the iron, and box wood wedges to raise the wood part with a mallet—upon wing those things, I opened the box without much difficulty—I found in the box bars of gold—I took out the bars of gold, I think it was four that were in that box; I would not speak to the number, I believe it to be four—I placed one of them in the black bag for Tester to take, and gave it to Burgess—Burgess placed it for Tester to take, as was arranged previously—the others I packed up in the carpet bags that we had, and fastened up the box and replaced it in the iron safe—I put into the box these bags of shot, four pounds and eight pounds—they are the bags of which I have spoken, done up in the blue check—Burgess placed the black bag, for Tester, in the front part, where he stood, the guard's department—we had arrived at Reigate by this time; the train stopped there—I was then in the baggage department.

Q. Did you see, whilst the train was at Reigate, what became of the black bag? A. I do not know what became of it, further than I gave it to Burgess, and I heard Tester's voice, and I saw no more of it till the next morning—Tester said, "Where is it, where is it?"

COURT. Q. Am I to understand that you heard Tester's voice in the van? A. At the door—I do not know what part; I was in the back part, there (pointing to the model), but I heard his voice.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You did not see him at all? A. I did not—I cannot say what time it was when we got to Reigate—Pierce then got in and joined me in the baggage department—we then opened the same iron safe that the box was in, there was another small box containing American gold coin—I opened that and took the coin out, I do not know the amount of that—we took the bag of coin out, and placed shot in, screwed it down again, placed the seal on the box, and put it in the safe again—I saw those boxes yesterday, in one of the courts here—I screwed the second box down with screws, the other I fastened with iron hoops—we had got some steel seals that had been purchased previously, with initials on—I do not know the initials—we melted the wax by a small wax taper, and resealed them—the smaller box, containing the American gold coin, was opened in the presence of Pierce—I then placed them in the iron safe, and locked the iron safe; and then opened the second iron safe, which contained one box; we opened that box in the same manner as I have previously stated—that contained small bars of gold—we took some of that out; as much as we thought we had shot to replace, placed the shot in, and fastened it up in the same way—the train proceeded on to Folkestone; I and Pierce went on to

Dover—the shot we used was not all of one size; it was two different sizes, one smaller than the other—the gold was placed in the courier bags and the carpet bags—when we got to Dover, I took one carpet bag, Pierce took the other, having the courier bags on us—we walked out of the station to an hotel, I think it was the Dover Castle—Mrs. Divers, or some such name—I am not positive whether I got out of the train at Folkestone, or whether I rode in the guard's box, but Pierce had got out previously and taken his seat in a first class carriage, with the courier bag upon him—I am not positive whether I was in the guard's box, or in a first class carriage, when I arrived at Dover—I think I was in a first class carriage, but I will not speak positively on that point—the carpet bags were in the luggage department, the guard's van—I believe the train was due at Dover about 11 o'clock at night—when we went to this house we walked into the coffee room, and placed the bags under the window, in one corner, and ordered supper—while the waiter was gone to get the supper, we took the courier bags off and placed them down in the corner—the waiter inquired if we wanted beds; I told him no, we had driven in, and were going up by the mail train—the mail train leaves Dover at 2 o'clock in the morning—after supper, I took the tools that I had used, the mallet, chisels, and that, to the pier, and threw them away, to lighten our load; I returned back again; Pierce was left in the room—we paid our bill, and then asked the waiter to put us a little brandy up in a soda water bottle, and a few cigars—while he was gone for it, we replaced our courier bags on our shoulders—he brought us the brandy in the soda water bottle, and the cigars; I then took one bag, and Pierce the other, and we walked to the station—we did not take tickets for London; the porter met me at the gate, and wanted to take the bag; he very politely said he would carry it—I objected to his doing so; he offered to take it out of my hand—he asked if we had tickets—I said we had two coupons from the Ostend line—we had two Ostend tickets—Pierce had obtained them previous to starting from London—they were blue tickets—I do not know whether I had them at Dover, or whether Pierce had them, or whether we had one each—the porter asked me to show our luggage—I showed them, and he said there had been no baggage through the Custom House that day from Ostend; I at the same time put my hand in my pocket, where I had a little trifling silver, a few shillings; I put them in his hand, and said, "No; we got them through yesterday," and he passed away and left us—no further inquiries were made—we came up in a first class carriage—no one was in the carriage but ourselves—Burgess was guard of that train—I did not notice how many passengers came up by that train; there were not a very great many, but I did not notice particularly; there were not a very great many, not at starting—as we came along the line we opened the large bags, and distributed the hay, threw it away—when the train stopped at one of the stations, I do not know the name of it, Pierce got out, took the two large carpet bags, and left them in the waiting room—they were then empty; we had thrown the hay away as we came along—the gold and the coin were then in two small carpet bags that had been inside the large ones, and in the courier bags—the train arrived at the London bridge station at it's usual time in the morning; I do not remember the exact time; I think 5 o'clock was the time it was due, but I am not positive—I and Pierce got it, and walked down the station, carrying the small bags in our hands, and the courier bags on us under our cloaks; when we got outside the gate we took a cab, and told the cab man to drive to the Great Western—when we got near the Great Western we told the cab man that he was making a

mistake, that we wanted to go to Euston-square, and he drove us to Euston-square—we got out, and went to a public house that was open, and went into the parlour—we discharged the cab, and stayed there some little time—Pierce then went and fetched another cab, and we drove to the neighbourhood of Crown-terrace—we discharged the cab, and carried the bags to Pierce's house—we left the gold at Pierce's house, came out and took a cab, and drove down to London-bridge—we took the American coin with us—we discharged the cab, and I went and met Tester to receive the bar of gold that he had had the night before—that was the arrangement that was made, that I should meet him there—Tester gave me the bar of gold—I took it from him, and he went to his office, I believe—I and Pierce took a cab, and drove to Leadenhall-street, down by the side of the East India House—Pierce got out and went to a money changer's at the corner of St. Mary Axe, and there he sold part of the American coin—I remained in the cab with the bar of gold—when Pierce returned to the cab, he told me he had got upwards of 200l. for the American coin, but I do not know the full amount—he stated that they wanted to pay him in a cheque, and he refused that, and wanted English gold; he said they told him that if he would wait a bit they would send their man to the banker's for it, which he did, according to the report he gave me, and he brought English gold for it; we then drove to the Haymarket, to a money changer's on the right hand side of the way going from Pall Mall, nearly at the top—I do not know the name—Pierce went out, and sold there some more of the American coin, upwards of 200l. worth—that was the whole that remained of what we had brought out—they paid him with a cheque on the Union Bank, Pall Mall—I went there and presented it, and received 200l. in gold for it—I had the money in my possession in the cab, but when we got back to Pierce's house he had it—we drove back to Pierce's house, at least we did not drive up to the door, we got out in the neighbourhood—Pierce had the money, the proceeds of the sale of the American coin—I was not at all in want of money at that time—Pierce had no money, he was supporting himself by pledging his things, and what money I lent him; he was in destitute circumstances—when we arrived at Pierce's house, Pierce went and hired a cart, as he told me, in Grove-street; at all events, he brought a cart and horse, we placed the bag containing the gold in it, and drove to my place at Cambridge-villas—I and Pierce went with the cart; the courier bags were placed in the carpet bags, and we carried them in the cart to Cambridge-villas—Fanny Kay was at home when we arrived there—the bags were put first in the front parlour, and then I took them up stairs and placed them in my trunk that was in the bed room, the same trunk in which I had kept the shot, it was an American made trunk—Pierce did not go up stairs, he took the horse and cart back again—I did not see anything more of him that day—I saw him again, it must have been the next day or a day or two after, I could not say rightly now, it was very soon afterwards—I did not see either of the other prisoners for some time afterwards—when I did see Pierce it was at my own house, he called upon me.

Q. What did you proceed to do with the gold? A. There was 100 ounces cut off at first; Pierce was there at the time it was cut off, and he sold it for 3l. per ounce—that was very shortly after the robbery—he did not bring back the money for it, he accounted for it; I do not know whether he took it to the bank and got notes for it, or whether he kept it for some time; I had the money, it wag 300l.—it was then arranged that we should make a furnace and melt the gold—Pierce consented to bring some

fire bricks to make the furnace of—I pulled the common stove out of the first floor back room at Cambridge-villas, and there erected the furnace with, the assistance of Pierce—Pierce brought the stones in a horse and cart—(some stems were here produced)—that is one of them; I know it by this hole; it was chipped out on purpose to cause a draught stronger through the furnace—I see here a piece of gold now sticking to it—having erected the furnace, we procured some crucibles and an ingot to run the gold in in melting, to put the gold in another form, to east it into long ingots of 100 oz.; we had a pair of scales and weights—Pierce bought some of the crucibles, and I bought some—we proceeded to cut the gold bars, 100 oz. off at a time, melted them in the furnace, and poured them into the ingot—we melted them in the crucibles by charcoal and coke—it requires very great heat to melt gold—on one occasion, when I was taking one of the crucibles out of the furnace, it broke, and the gold scattered over the floor and burnt the flooring—nobody came into the room besides me and Pierce while we were so engaged—Miss Kay brought some bitter ale to the door once or twice, but we would not allow her to come in—she said, "You seem very hot; what are you about? you seem all in a perspiration"—I made some frivolous answer that it was nothing concerning her, or something to that effect, and shut the door—I do not remember anything being said about aprons—we cut up the courier bags, and part was used as a defender to prevent the fire from burning my hands; those we burnt, and a part were kept to make a covering for one of my trunks to defend it, the rest was burnt—(looking at two pieces of leather) these are part of them—that is where it was burnt by the fire—it took me three or four days to melt the gold—the heat was so great we were obliged to put the fire out for fear of setting fire to the chimney—Pierce remained with me all day on those days—he had his meals with me—on the 'first day Fanny Kay went to see the child; it was out at nurse at that time; then there was no one in the house but me and Pierce; we sent her away on purpose—she was at home when the bricks were brought—they were brought in a cart in a canvas bag I think; or covered over with something—I think Pierce brought some cement or some charcoal on the day Fanny Kay went to see the child—they were things that were to be used in the melting, and which we could not procure in the neighbourhood—Pierce went home of a night to sleep.

Q. After you had melted the whole of the gold and got it into this new shape of the ingot, what did you next do? A. I sold part of it—I sold 200 oz. the first time—I sold that to a man named Saward—I had known Saward several years—when I first became acquainted with him he kept chambers at No. 4, Hare-court, Temple, as a barrister—I have seen him at Westminster-hall, pleading as a barrister sometimes—it was in Bell's Pond road that I saw him when I had this dealing with him about the gold, at a public-house of the sign of the Alma—I think I sold him 500 oz. in all; 200 the first time and 300 afterwards—he paid me 3l. 2s. 6d. per oz. for it—he paid me in gold—he charged 6d. or 1s. per oz. commission—about this time I had another little quarrel with Fanny Kay, in consequence of which I left her at Shepherd's-bush and took apartments at Kilburn—I went by the name of Adams there—I left Fanny Kay in possession of the house at Cambridge-villas; I merely took my trunk—we had removed the gold previous to that to Crown-terrace, Pierce's house—I do not think it had been moved to Pierce's before I sold that to Saward—about this time Pierce moved from Crown-terrace to Kilburn-villa, about half a mile nearer to London than where I was lodging—I left my lodging, and went and stopped

with Pierce a little while, and then I took apartments in Stanley-place, Paddington-green, where I resided at the time I was arrested upon the charge of which I was convicted, which was on 15th Aug.—I lived in Pierce's house with him about a week, or it might be a fortnight—during the time I was there Tester and Burgess both came there by appointment which I had made—when we were all four together it was named what money there was, and a division took place—I and Pierce and Tester received 600l. each, and Burgess received 700l.—that was the produce of the gold that had been sold and the American coin—they received it in notes, all of it—we had received it in gold, and Pierce took the gold to the Bank of England and obtained notes for it—the notes that I received as my share 600l. were in my trunk at Stanley-terrace at the time I was arrested—Pierce had the remainder of the gold—he made a hole in the pantry at the bottom of the stairs of his own house at Kilburn-villa, and there he buried it, under the steps which go into the house from the front garden—there is a fore court to the house—you ascend to the house by four or five steps—the pantry is underneath those steps, and he made the hole in the pantry—we were together for some time on the evening that the division was made—I stopped there rather late, all the busses had gone—I walked with Tester and Burgess to the cab stand by the canal bridge that runs across the Paddington road, and they got into a cab. and came to town.

Q. Were you at the time of the robbery, and afterwards, in possession of any Spanish bonds? A. I had 700l. worth—they were 100l. bonds, I believe—I had bought them through Mr. Young, a stockbroker, of Bartholomew-lane—that was some considerable time before the robbery, I do not remember when—I sold 500l. worth of those bonds to Tester on the night of the division at 48l. per 100l.—he paid me for them with part of the notes that he had received as his share of the division—I never saw anything more of the remaining gold—the Spanish bonds are payable to bearer, transferble through a stockbroker—on the morning that I was arrested I saw Pierce at his house, and made an appointment with him to meet me at my lodging in Stanley-place at 2 o'clock, to walk to Shepherd's-bush to obtain the child's clothes and chaise—he had the child at that time, he fetched it from the nurse the day before—he met me at 2 o'clock at Stanley-place, we then walked across the fields to Shepherd's-bush—he went into a public house, and I went into Fanny Kay's lodging, and fetched the child's clothes and chaise, and gave them to Pierce—I there stopped and wrote a letter to send to the nurse, with part of the chaise which they had destroyed, which I intended to send by the Parcels Delivery Company—after writing that letter I got into the bus about 4 o'clock, or a quarter past 4, to come to Holborn to keep an appointment that was made previously by a man named Humphries—I was taken into custody on my way, with the note and parcel in my hand—I afterwards made an arrangement with Pierce with respect to the care of my child—I never saw him afterwards until he was arrested—I only heard from him through Mr. Wontner—I had stock to the amount of 3, 000l. at the time—Mr. Wontner had that money, and he gave it over to Pierce's wife to invest for the benefit of my child and its mother, Fanny Kay.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. (with
MR. RIBTON. for Pierce). Q. How old are you? A. Forty-one—I have been in employment—I was at Mr. Davis's for one place, in Chiswell-street, a linendraper—I was there for four years—that is fourteen years ago probably, it might be twenty years—I could not say positively—I will not venture to say whether or not it was twenty-two years ago—there was not a robbery there while I was there, nor

shortly after I left, to my knowledge—I have never been in any employment since then—I have earned my living by speculating in the United States of America, buying various things—I have been to America several times—I do not know the date of my first going to America—it was not ten years after leaving Mr. Davis, probably five years—it might be five and it might be three, I cannot say—between the time I left Mr. Davis and the time of my going to America I lived on what I had got—I decline answering how I had got it—I was not engaged in forgeries—I never was engaged in forgeries—I decline answering what it was—I did not know Saward then—I decline answering how I got my living then—I speculated in America in various things, not in crime—I did not commit robberies whilst I was in America, or pass cheques—I had no cheques or bills—I have known Saward I should say probably six years; it may be longer.

Q. Is he now under charge of forgery? A. I know not what he is under charge of, I will swear that—I have been in prison—I did not see Saward at the Mansion House—I do not know that he is arrested—I never knew Saward by any other name than "barrister Saward," or "James Saward"—I have never had anything to do with him in the way of cheques—I have discounted bills for him—I have not had any transactions with cheques with him—I never presented a forged cheque in my life, nor ever caused any to be presented—I can swear that I never committed a forgery, or ever caused a forgery to be committed in my life—I am perfectly innocent of the charge I was convicted of—I was convicted upon false evidence—I never presented a forged note—I have received the proceeds of forgeries: I forget how much, a small amount—I should call a few thousands a very great amount—I had 3, 000l. in the bank, and it had been there for some years, a portion of it—that stock was purchased before this robbery took place—the 600l. Pierce had, your client—the charge I was convicted upon was a charge of uttering a forged cheque for 100l.—I was caught running away with a bag of farthings instead of sovereigns in my possession—I was tried in this Court, I believe.

Q. You tell us that you filed these keys; what were you originally by calling? A. I can work at almost anything, I worked at jewellery and carpentering—I can make jewellery.

Q. And bars of gold also? A. Well, there is proof of that—I do not know whether Pierce was a betting man, I never knew him to have any money to bet—whilst this robbery was being perpetrated I was in the railway carriage which was in motion on the railway.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. (with MR. SLEIGH. for Tester). Q. You decline to tell my Mend how you were gaining your livelihood for the three years after you left the linendraper's establishment? A. Yes—I have no particular motive for declining—I decline on the ground that I am not bound to answer—I will not answer the question unless I am compelled to do so—I am not afraid—if I am compelled so to do, I will—I am not afraid of the consequences to myself—I am not afraid of being subjected to a prosecution—I decline to answer—I had known Tester between three and four years.

Q. How was it, do you think, that Pierce suggested to you to be a party to this robbery? did he know you to be a rogue? A. He was introduced to me by two thieves, and at once opened the business, and found himself quite at home—I did not say that the first time I saw Tester was down at Margate—I did see him there, and went with him to his lodgings and took tea with him—when you went out of the station, you turned to the left and the house faced you, I do not know the

name of the place.—I have been down to Margate several times—I may have given a description of the place to the prosecution—he occupied the front parlour—an elderly female who kept the house served the tea; I do not know her name—I did not see anybody else there; I did not sleep there, I slept at a public house of the sign of the "Elephant," where Tester went and partook of a glass of grog with me in the smoking room—I met Tester on one occasion at Folkestone, and walked arm in arm with him from the up station; we usually used to walk arm in arm when we met—I say, we did so on that occasion, because we always did so, that is my only motive—I did not always walk arm in arm with him in London, I did when I met him out of town—I will not say positively, there might be an exception, but generally speaking we always walked arm in arm when I met him out of town—I am positive we walked arm in arm from the up station—I do not know whether anybody saw us arm in arm or not; it is impossible for me to say—the division of the plunder was, as near as my recollection will admit of, about two months after the robbery—it was Tester's own proposition that he should buy the Spanish bonds—he did not know that I had Spanish bonds to sell—he asked me which was the best way for him to invest his money: I told him that Spanish bonds were paying 7 per cent, and it was merely transferring a bit of paper, I had some that I bought, at 47, or something thereabout, and I would sell them to him at 48—he consented to do so, and took 500l. worth of them at 48l., without making any further inquiry—I told him whom I had purchased them of—I believe the market price was about 47 at the time—I do not know when it was I purchased them, the bill was in my trunk when I was arrested, it was some long time before, I could not state the time—I have not any of these Spanish bonds left, I had 200, Pierce had it, it was in my trunk when I was arrested, and Pierce had the remaining 200—I have not seen him since—I was arrested on a charge of uttering a forged cheque, you defended me.

Q. The evidence, and almost the only evidence against you, was that of an accomplice. A. He was not an accomplice of mine, I never knew the man—he said he was an accomplice—every word he said was a lie, you stated so yourself—Mr. Mullens was a witness against me, but he never gave any evidence against me till the day of my trial, and then he stated that he saw me outside the bank; he did not state what was true, he stated that I was outside the bank and I was at Shepherd's-bush at the time—Mr. Mullens was solicitor for the prosecution—he stated an untruth on his oath.

Q. You were a good deal upon this line, were you not? A. I was travelling up and down; I did not call myself anything, I left it to Burgess—I went to try the keys in the safe, when I had got them—I used not to travel except with a view to this robbery, I had no occasion on that line—I was called a commercial traveller, I have called myself so—I did not tell Tester that I was a commercial traveller; if any stranger asked me the question, I said so—Tester knew I was a thief, I was introduced to him as such—I have represented myself as a commercial traveller at any hotel I was stopping at—I had no communication with anybody on the line with the exception of the prisoners and the man at Folkestone also—I tried to get the impressions of the keys from the company's servant; I tried to get the keys from him—I did not try to get him to betray his trust, on my oath—I endeavoured to get the impressions of the keys unknown to the servants down there; none of them knew what I was there for—I did not try to make Sharman betray his trust—I did not try to make him an

accomplice with me—I got into communication with him, to be familiar with him, and when his back was turned, to get the keys from their place—that was part of the plan between me and Tester—I was wandering up and down the line for that purpose—I do not mean to state that Tester corrupted my innocence—I have said that I could not make any impression upon Sharman—I mean by that, I could not form any connection with him, so as to be in the office while he was there, issuing tickets, or so on.

Cross-examined by
MR. POLAND. (with MESSRS. GIFFARD. and LEWIS. for Burgess). Q. How many names have you gone by? A. Three or four—Adams, Archer, Agar, which is my own name, and the other names were what Tester gave me—I have gone by the name of Roberts—Pierce gave me that name—I answered to any name they thought proper to call me—I first stated what I have told to-day, down at Portland—I first had a communication with Mr. Bees—I did not, when I first saw him, tell him that Burgess had nothing whatever to do with it—Mr. Bees did not mention Burgess's name tome; he mentioned no names—I did not, on any occasion, say that Burgess had nothing whatever to do with it, that I swear—I have never said so—after I came back from Folkestone, I communicated with Burgess—I do not remember ever saying that I did not communicate with Burgess—I do not remember whether I have or not—we were in the habit of meeting Burgess and communicating to him what had taken place—these were not the first false keys that I had made, I made some for Pierce to commit the robbery at the South Eastern station; no others that I am aware of, I might have made others for what I know—I have received the proceeds of forgeries probably three or four times—the money I had in the Bank of England was not the proceeds of forgeries—I obtained it by hard work and speculations, as I said before, in the United States; none of it was the proceeds of robberies—I never passed off any forged notes in America, or anywhere else; I have not passed off any notes that were stolen here—I saw Burgess several times after the robbery was committed, it would he impossible for me to tell the number of times I met him—I never saw him after the robbery until the night of the division.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You were asked how you got your living during a particular period of your life after you left the draper's and before you went to America, you state that you are not afraid of any prosecution in consequence of that? A. No, I am not—I did not state it, because Mr. Parry wished to force it out of me, and I was not bound to state it; that was the only motive I had for declining—I have no objection to state it—when I left Mr. Davis I had saved up a sum of money, nearly 50l—I kept myself by that for some considerable time, and pledging my clothes, and I was with a cousin of mine, a boot-closer—I used to assist him a little—I supported myself in that way until I went to the United States.

COURT. Q. There could be no reason why you should not hare told that? A. No, I had no objection; only Mr. Parry wished to force me.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You have been asked particularly about the case upon which you were convicted? A. Yes, it was for uttering a forged banker's check which a party stated I gave him—the man that gave the evidence against me gave the name of Smith—I know no further of him, whether that was his name or not I cannot say—I knew nothing of the man previous to his giving me in charge—there was a man named Humphries in it; he was an accomplice of Saward's and several others—at that time I was living with a female named Emily Campbell—Humphries was also acquainted with her—she bad at one time lived with him, and passed as Mrs. Humphries—she

was living with me at Stanley-place at the time the charge was made against me—Humphries was not examined as a witness; it was a vindictive feeling that was the cause of my being arrested—Mr. Mullens stated that which was not true; he said he was in a bank opposite, when the man went in to present the cheque, and to the best of his belief I was the man who was standing outside; he never stated it on any of the examinations—I was not there, I was at Shepherd's-bush at the time—I had never been in the city at any time that day until I was taken in charge—I was met by some man, who handed to me a bag containing farthings instead of sovereigns—he was standing at the corner of Bedford-row, where he could command a view of Humphries' house, as my appointment was to be at Humphries' house at 5 o'clock, to receive from him 235l., that I had lent him on the Monday previous—I had an appointment to meet him at his house and receive the 235l.—his house was a door or two from the corner of Bedford-row, where Smith was standing—this was on the day of my arrest—as I was going to Humphries', Smith was standing at the corner—he turned round and saw me coming down—he approached me and said, "Oh! I am watching for you, "—I asked what he was watching for me for, he said, that "Bill (meaning Humphries) had sent him to meet me, to tell me not to go to his house as there was a screw loose"—I asked him what it was about, walking my way at the same time—he said that he believed it was something about Captain Money's affair—Humphries had been arrested a week or two before, on a charge of attempting to steal Captain Money's child—in walking along, he said that Humphries had sent the 200/. by him, at the same time pulling a bag out of his pocket, and giving it me—by this time we had got near Red-lion-square—the police officers were watching—I asked him who those men were following—he said that he did not know.

Q. We need not go into the particulars; I believe directly after the police officers took you into custody? A. by his telling me to run away, he said, "I will stand here, and the officers won't know you are gone"—the moment I ran, he ran after me and called, "Stop thief!" and I stopped, and was taken into custody—Goddard, the officer, asked me if I had taken a bag from this man—I said I had—he asked where it was, and I produced it—he asked if I knew how much it contained—I said, 200l., I believed—I appealed to Smith, and asked if that was the case—he shook his head and said he did not know.

COURT. Q. You were trepanned into this by Humphries; that is your story? A. Yes.

MR. BODKIN. Q. At the time you sold the Spanish bonds to Tester, did you produce or show him Mr. Young's note of the purchase? A. I did not, I told him I would give it him, I had it not by me at the time—it was in my trunk—I got it out with a view of giving it him at the next meeting—it was found in my trunk at the time I was arrested.

COURT. Q. When did you begin to lead a course of crime, how early after you left Mr. Davis, about how soon? A. Probably about two or three years—I have been in business in South America, which can be proved; it was there that I made the greater part of my money—I continued more or less committing crimes until my arrest; from three years after I left Mr. Davis.

MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Have not you stated before, in conversation with your fellow prisoners, and before you made a statement at Portland Island against Pierce and other men, boasted that you accomplished the robbery alone, and went over to Boulogne? A. No, I never boasted to anybody about it, to the prisoners or anybody else.


MR. BODKIN. Q. Was Mr. Rees the first person that you made a statement to? A. Yes, connected with this robbery—I had not heard at the time that I made that statement to Mr. Bees that my child was in a state of destitution in London, but I had heard that Pierce had sent it to its mother—Pierce had the charge of it when I was arrested—I had heard that the mother was in a state of distress, and he had sent the child, but would not give it a change of clothing.





THOMAS SELLINS
. I am bullion porter to Mr. John Chaplin, and have been so seven years. I know Messrs. Abel and Co., bullion brokers—before and in May, 1855, I was in the habit of calling at their place, to know respecting bullion which they required to be transmitted by railway—on 15th May I called there for the particulars of a box—I did not get them—I saw Mr. Rance, an elderly gentleman, there, and he told me to call again—I required the particulars to bring to Mr. Chaplin—I saw some gold bars in the window at that time—I called again about twenty minutes to 6 o'clock, as near as I can say—Mr. Chaplin was then out of town—I got the particulars, and when I came back, I met Mr. Chaplin at his office, and he gave me the receipt to go and fetch the box—I then went back with another porter to Abel's for the box—it was brought to the Spread Eagle—I saw it removed from there into a cab—Mr. Chaplin was standing at the side—I went outside the cab to the Dover station, and saw the box delivered—Mr. John Chaplin went with me, and booked it.





JOHN CHAPLIN
. I sent Sellins to Messrs. Abel's for this box of gold—it was brought to me at the Spread Eagle, and delivered into my charge—it was never more than two or three yards from me—I went with it to the South Eastern Railway, and delivered it to Mr. Weatherhead, the station master.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTING. Q. TO whom would it be known that bullion was going that night? A. I sent our porter about twenty minutes before, but, to my knowledge, they could not know at the railway that bullion was going to Folkestone—until I received the receipt I did not even know that it was going—Mr. Weatherhead was the party with whom I arranged for its transmission—the Railway Company did not say that I never delivered it at all, they took an entry of it—it was even suggested to my knowledge that it was lost in the transit to the railway office.

MR. SERJEANT SHEE. Q. When did you arrive with the box at the South Eastern Railway? A. About half past 7 o'clock as near as possible—I delivered it to the station master on the platform—there is an office there—I saw it placed on the scale and weighed, and then taken into Mr. Weather-head's office and signed for—I believe this (produced) is the box, it has all the appearance of it.





EDGAR COX
. In 1855 I was a clerk in Mr. Weatberhead's office at the South Eastern Railway. I speak of Mr. Weatherhead who is now governor of Newgate—he was then station master—I remember Mr. Chaplin bringing three boxes On the evening before the robbery; they were like those produced—I knew that they were supposed to contain bullion—they were placed on the side of the scale which is outside, on the platform, close to the door of the superintendent's office—the weights were taken by me—the box like this which is marked P. D. 184 weighed 1cwt. 1 qr. 16 lbs.—the box of Mr. Spiel man's weighed 18 lbs., and the other 2 cwt. 2 qrs. 15 lbs.—after they were weighed they were put on a truck or barrow, and taken into Mr. Weatherhead's office, where they remained

till the train was about to start—Tester was in Mr. Brown's office, the superintendent's, which is up stairs on the first floor—I do not think Tester in the course of his employment would have the means of ascertaining when bullion was going down—the book in which we enter the weights is in the station master's office near the platform—besides me there was a party named Bailey and Scanlan—Scanlan weighed them, and I took the weights from him.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Is that the identical box which was delivered by Mr. Chaplin to you? A. It has the same marks, that is the only thing I can swear to—it was taken from the cab, and weighed by my direction—I believe a party named Bailey carried it from the scale to the station master's office, but I cannot swear it—I believe he is here—it was in my sight the whole of the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Are there two porters who assist in loading the guards' van before the train starts? A. I believe not—the chests were put outside the office with 8.30 marked on them in large figures—that is the time the train starts—they were going by the 8.30 train, and any one outside the office could see that chalk mark, whether he was connected with them or not—that was not always the case—it was the course of business latterly—I cannot say for certainty how long this was the ordinary course of business in the office—it was done occasionally, but I cannot say the time.





HENRY GIBSON ABEL
. I am a bullion merchant, carrying on business in Royal Exchange-buildings. On 15th May I sent six bars of gold to my agent in Paris—I had previously received from my refiner a certificate of the weight of those bars—I was present when they were weighed—I compared the weight with the certificate, it was perfectly correct—I have not got it here—it is subject to some slight difference, which is caused by the assay pieces, which are cut off the corner—the weight of the whole was 2, 125 1/2 ounces—the weight at the railway was 1 cwt. 1 qr. 16 lbs.—that was with the box and packing—I saw it packed in the box, and the box fastened down—the box was precisely similar to this, but I cannot swear to it—these are the initials of the consignee at Paris, to whom I sent it, P. D. 184—it was sealed—I do not think this seal on it is any part of our seal—(the witness examined it with a candle)—I swear that neither of these are our seals—we only seal them in one place.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. I think you brought an action against the Company? A. No; we were going to—they resisted our claim from May to Dec, 1855, on the ground that the box was lost between Boulogne and Paris—they kept us out of our money the whole of that time, which we did not think very gentlemanly, if you ask me the question.





JOHN BAILEY
. On 15th May, 1855, I was a porter at the South Eastern Railway station. I remember Messrs. Abel's box being brought—I saw it in the scale, and removed it from the scale to the truck, to be carried to the iron chests—I put in the three boxes of bullion, and Mr. Weatherhead locked the chests in my presence—there are two iron chests, the large box was in one, and the two small ones in the other—I believe Cox was by—the chest remained in Mr. Weatherhead's office till 5 or 10 minutes after 8 o'clock, and then I delivered them to Burgess, the guard, and put them into his van—I had two journeys of it, and he assisted me in putting them into the van.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Do you remember the particular

night of the 15th? you have alluded to the date? A. I remember taking them up as usual—I have a distinct remembrance of that particular night—Kennedy was a guard of that train that night—he is here.





JOHN KENNEDY
. I was under guard to Burgess on the South Eastern Railway—I went with the 8.30 train, on 15th May, 1855—I was on the platform three-quarters of an hour before the train started, and continued there till it started.—the hinder van was under my management; I loaded it—it was not my duty to load the first van, Burgess loaded it—there were a good many passengers that night, and Burgess asked me to look round the train before we started, to see that the doors were all shut, and that the train was properly coupled together, as he was going out a little way—I do not know what became of him after that, I lost sight of him—I saw him return in probably a quarter of an hour,. I cannot speak to a few minutes—I went down with the train, having walked along it to see that the doors were shut, and everything right—it was going from London to Dover—I have seen Agar several times—I did not know his name to be Agar, but I saw the same man at the Mansion House—I had before that seen him with Burgess in Duke-street, that was in the latter end of April or the beginning of May, 1855, probably a fortnight or so before the robbery—it was at a public house—I do not know the name of it, but Mr. Bolton is the proprietor—there were several persons round the bar, but I know nothing of them—Burgess and Agar were talking together for perhaps five minutes—I said, "Good morning, Mr. Burgess," and he said, "Good morning"—I said nothing else at that time—I have not seen them together at any other time—I did not say just now that I had seen them together several times—I said that I bad seen Agar several times—I have seen him on the platform at the London-bridge Station—I have not seen him go down by any train—I have seen him about 8 o'clock—that was about half an hour before the train started—that has been the general time, from a quarter to 8 to 8 o'clock—Burgess was the guard of that train.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. You went down with the train that evening, did not you? A. I did—I rode in the hind van—I got out at the stations; it is my duty—I never saw Burgess on the journey, from the time I left London till I got to Dover—I sometimes see passengers at the stations if they get out of one carriage into another.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Can you tell me what number of parcels you had? A. I was not in charge of the parcels—I did not deliver parcels on the way, that was Burgess's duty—he would have to get out at the stations, take the parcels, and deliver them to the party in attendance, whether it was the station master or the porter—if there were no parties there, it would not be his duty to take the parcels into the station himself—I cannot tell you whether he got out at a great many stations that night, or whether there were a great many parcels to deliver—I never saw him from the time we started till we got to Dover—at the intermediate stations I give the signal that I am ready at the hind part of the train to start—Burgess has started without that signal from me, but it is his duty to wait till I give it—I gave the signal to start on this particular occasion—I give it by lights, I hold a light at one end of the train, And it would be shown again at the other; that would be Burgess's duty—I cannot say that I received signals by light, from Burgess, at every station, but I did at probably one or two—I took no notice whether there was anything particular about that journey, or whether I received my signals as usual; it was the same as any other night—I saw nothing particular—I first heard of the

rubbery, it might be a week afterwards—I cannot tell to a day or two—I do not know who first spoke to me about it—I was not asked about it at first—I was told that such a thing had taken place with my train—I was examined by the lawyer; I cannot tell how soon after the robbery—I was not taken over as a witness to France—I never was there in my life—it was not my duty to go to Burgess's van at all, nor used I to do so, with the exception of Sunday night—the 15th May was, to the best of my recollection, Tuesday—the head guard receives the parcels from the porters, they bring them to the van—I was not there to see whether the door was wide open; "but in the ordinary course of things it is—if the head guard was away for a moment, and the doors were open, and anybody was there, they might step in—I was three months on that train—I do not know how often, on an average, the bullion box went down with the train—I have been in the company's service thirteen years—as under guard, it was my duty to open the doors of the carriages when there was an opportunity—I did when there was a chance—if I was opposite a door, and a passenger wanted to get out, I should open it, if I was not there somebody else would do it—I did not get out specially at every station to see whether any passenger wanted to get out; I certainly get out of the van at every station, that is to put my luggage out of the van, and to put luggage in; my van was not running empty, there was luggage in it—I have also to open the doors for passengers if they want to get out, and I am there—I also shut the windows up if they are open, and shut the doors when passengers have got out; and if a passenger gets in I open the door for him, provided it is shut, and anything else that is necessary—I have had no complaints of my not doing my duty on the night of 15th May—I did my duty to the beat of my ability, but a servant does not always know when his duty is done—it was not the first time I had seen Agar, when I saw him and Burgess talking together—I had seen him perhaps five or six times before, but had never said "Good morning" to him—I had seen him about London-bridge platform—I cannot tell you the first time I saw him, but it was about April—I cannot tell to a few days or weeks.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were you in the habit of going with Burgess by the same train? A. Yes; I went with him two months—I had gone with him before that with other trains.





RICHARD HART
. I live at the upper station, Folkestone. I remember the mail train arriving on the night of 15th May, 1855—I was at the upper station when it arrived, and saw the bullion chest taken out of it—Cook, the watchman, assisted in taking it out, and myself; I do not recollect anybody else—Burgess was present when it was taken out—it appeared to me as usual when I have seen it taken out (there are two of them)—I had it put on my truck after the train was gone, and took it to the harbour and delivered it to Spicer, the watchman—I was never absent from it.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Do you know how long it was left at Folkestone? A. No.





JOHN SPICER
. On 15th May, I was night watchman at the lower station at Folkestone. I was on duty at half past 10 o'clock when the train arrived—I recollect the iron chests being taken out of the truck—they were taken into the booking office—I had charge of them during the night—they were not removed from the place where they were put, and nobody had access to them but myself—I left duty at half past 8 o'clock next morning—they were there then.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. How long was it at Folkestone?


A. I cannot say—I was on watch in the booking office—that is at the harbour, right opposite the telegraph office, inside, but on the platform of the booking office—it was not my duty to call up some of the hands that morning, but it is in the ordinary course of things—I have to call Mr. Dyne, the station master, and have to go about a quarter of a mile to do so—I was not taken over to France to be examined as a witness against the French railway—I gave my statement to the lawyer about it at the time the inquiry was going on in France, but he did not take me over.





ROBERT MACKAY
. I am telegraph clerk at the lower station at Folke-stone. I was on duty on the night of the robbery, and was in the telegraph office moat part of the night—I was in the booking office and saw one of the bullion chests brought in—I was not there when the other was brought in, but I saw them standing one on the other, opposite the telegraph office—I was there all night, and from time to time saw them safe—they were not moved from the place where they were set down—I do not recollect their going off—I left at 8 o'clock—I do not know at what time they left—I did not notice them when I left—I noticed them up to the time that our own man came on duty at 6 o'clock.





JOHN MCNIE
. In May, 1855, I was a police officer in the service of the South Eastern Company, at Folkestone. I remember coming on duty on the morning of 16th May, and Spicer pointing out to me two iron chests in the booking office—we generally term them bullion chests—I saw them taken down and delivered on board the boat, in the same condition in which I saw them first.

Cross-examined by Mr. GIFFARD. Q. Were you taken to France? A. No—I remember hearing of the trial that was going to take place in France—I did not give a statement to the lawyer of the South Eastern Company at that time; I was not asked.

COURT. Q. At what o'clock did the boat go? A. Between 8 and 11 o'clock, I cannot well answer the question.





JAMES GOLDER
. In May, 1855, I was mate of the Lord Warden steam boat, between Folkestone and Boulogne. On 16th May, the boat started at half past 10 o'clock—I keep a log—I remember the iron safes coming on board that morning—I was present and received them, and placed them midships, on deck—they remained there during the whole of the passage, under my eye the whole time—nobody had an opportunity of interfering with them—there were ninety-five passengers—keys to open the chest were in the captain's charge—the chests were opened at Boulogne—I did not see the wooden boxes with the bullion as was supposed, in them, taken out, but I saw the larger box dragged away from the iron safe—it was in very bad condition—the side was bulged out, so that I could get my finger in—I only saw the large one.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. What was the name of the captain? A. Captain Paul—I do not know Agar by sight—I have not seen him—the captain never lost the key of one of those chests, to my knowledge.





JACQUES THORON
. (through an interpreter). I am employed in the Customs at Boulogne. I was present at the arrival of the Lord Warden, on 16th May, 1855, between 12 and 1 o'clock, and went on board—I saw the cash box opened, and I took out the small box—there was only one that I took out—I only arrived in time to take one out—I saw two on the cart, and took one myself—they were taken from the boat to the Douane, by persons employed by the Customs—the same parties that took the others took mine

along with them—a plank was laid down from the quay to the deck of the vessel, up which the luggage was taken—in unloading one of the boxes, I noticed that it was open the width of my fingers, and I remarked, when I removed it, that there was a bag moving about in it—it was black and white, speckled, just the same as these produced—I stopped there till Mr. Major arrived—I gave the box two knocks with ray heel, to close it—it was placed in the Custom House, in the same place where they deposit all the luggage coming from the boat, which has to be examined—on entering, the scales are to the left, and the other boxes were placed two or three feet from that place—the boxes continued in that state till Mr. Major came—I was there, and saw them all the time until his arrival.

COURT. Q. Who opened the iron safe? A. I did not see—I know Mr. Barnard perfectly well, and I believe it was one of his men who opened it.





JAMES HAMEL MAJOR
. I am agent at Boulogne to the Society of the Messageries Generates. The South Eastern Company have an agent at Boulogne, Mr. Barnard—it is usual for the way bill to be produced to the broker for general merchandise, but I receive the way bill of the bullion from Mr. Chapman, and Mr. Barnard receives one from the company in duplicate—I remember the bullion chests arriving on 16th May, and their being taken to the Custom House—they were not opened there; bullion paying the highest duty it is not necessary, and it was late in the day—they were weighed at the Custom House in my presence—one box, marked P. D. 184, weighed, in French measurement, 54 kilogrammes 500 grammes—they weighed together 190 kilogrammes—the third box being so small was put on the others, and it produced then 198 kilogrammes, being 8 kilogrammes more—after they had been weighed, the large box being in bad condition, I had it nailed by the labouring men attached to the Custom House, and had it put on a truck, and had the small box put into a safe place in the truck, and the second one outside with other bales and packages, and dragged to my office—I happened to see them all the way, but I do not generally do so—when they got to my office they were unloaded, and remained there till they were sent to the rail under the charge of our guard—they were weighed separately at my office—the box P. D., 184, weighed 54 kilogrammes 500 grammes; the other, 136 kilogrammes 500 grammes, and the small box of Spiel man's, 7 kilogrammes 100 grammes; the total was 198 kilogrammes and 100 grammes—I had no idea of anything then—I afterwards received the weights taken at the London bridge terminus—I have reduced the English measures to French—the English weight of the box P. D., in London, has been sent to me as 1 cwt. 2 qrs. 16 lbs., which I calculate and represent in French measure as 70 kilogrammes 725 grammes; that is, 71 all but one quarter—in the French weight it is 16 kilometres, and a trifling fraction; less in London than in France—I have not calculated what the English weight of 16 kilogrammes 620 grammes is, but 1 cwt. is 70 kilogrammes; there are 2 lbs. avoirdupois to a kilogramme—I was informed also of the weight in London of the other two boxes, and found that the weight of them in France was something more—I went with the boxes to my office, and joined them as they were going into my yard, and went in with them immediately, as I was busy—they remained in my office under my eye all the time—the two large boxes were before me and the small one behind me, and about half past 6 o'clock or a quarter to 7, they were put on the same truck, and taken down to the railway—I did not see them down there, but I have people who generally go with them—I saw them on the truck—I saw the one marked

P. D., 184, afterwards at Paris, open, on 18th May—the others had been delivered and opened by the consignee—it had not been opened when I saw it on 18th May; it was in the same condition as when I saw it at Boulogne—I saw it opened—I was present when it was weighed—I insisted on its being weighed before me—the box and contents were weighed together, and weighed 54 kilogrammes 700 or 800 grammes and a fraction; it was a few grammes more than my weight, but substantially the same weight as mine, or little above it, but not anything of importance—the deficiency was not greater, but our scales in the office were used—it was all put in together with the lid and all, and then, of course, it was weighed to a very great nicety, and produced nearly 200 grammes more—when the box was opened, it was completely full of bags of this description, containing lead—one bag in the middle had been cut through with a knife; the box being apparently too full for the lid to lie down, and the shot had spread, and was mixed with the bags—there were two sizes of shot, the bag that was cut was the same size, I believe, but the Commissary of police found two sues.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Did you see the box opened? A. Yes; in fact I was called up for that purpose, but only the box, "P. D."—there was nothing in it but bags of shot, and a few wood shavings—I did not afterwards see either of the other boxes after they were opened, I returned to Boulogne—I did not see two sizes of shot, I think in the bag that was cut they were the same size—I did not afterwards see any leaves of a French pamphlet, although I heard that there was a pamphlet in one of the boxes—I saw a piece of sacking found at the messagerie—I have not brought it with me, as it was not the same at all, it was cotton stuff; it was blue, but the blue was much darker, it was chequered like this—I knew that I was coming to be examined in respect to this matter, but I never thought to bring it; it is at my house; the Commissary of police took part of it, and I took part—my attention was called to it at Boulogne—it was not found at my house, but at the house of one of my porters, by one of the Commissary's men, and brought to the chief Commissary, who was at my office at the time—I did not see the leaves of a pamphlet, I only heard it mentioned, the Commissary of police told me; I do not think he is here—I saw one quality of shot, it was in bags, which were put under seal by the Commissary—I saw the shot which was spread about in the box—my attention was not drawn to the fact of its being half English and half French manufacture; I tried it and found that it was English shot, it is much softer, you can tell by biting it—I never heard that it was half English and half French—I tried it to know whether it was English or French, not whether it was half English and half French—I am of opinion that what I tried was English—it is all here, it was put under seal by the police at Paris.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you find in this bag two sizes? A. I do not think there are (looking at it), there is only one size in this bag—the other (a parcel in brown paper), contains shot of different sizes, small and large; it has lost it's brightness, but it is English shot—it was the Commissary of Police, at Boulogne; the police of Paris called upon the police of Boulogne to assist them—I did not compare the two bags, but I am certain they are not the same—I had an opportunity of judging whether there was any similarity between the piece of check produced at Boulogne and the bags, and it was completely different; it was a darker blue, quite a different dye.





HARRIET HOOKER
. I am the wife of a fly driver, at Folkestone; I live

between the South Eastern Railway station and the town. In May, 1854, two persons lodged at our apartments, they were taken in the name of Adams—I have seen Adams since at the Mansion House, he then went by the name of Agar—I have not seen the other person who took lodgings with him; he was of rather a dark complexion, dark whiskers, and rather brown dark hair; the further one of the three prisoners is him—Pierce remained a week, and Agar a week after Pierce left—while there they went out walking chiefly, not at any particular time, but after breakfast—they were walking almost all day, except in and out, and they came in to dinner—after Pierce went, Agar went out as before—Pierce stated that business called him away to London, and he could not stay any longer in Folkestone—he did not tell me that he was going, Adams told me; Adams was head and chief—I did not know that Pierce was going, more than a day before he went.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. When was that? A. On 9th May, 1854—I have got my book, which I can show you—I speak particularly to Pierce—I am quite certain of him—I described him with dark whiskers and dark brown hair—there was nothing particular going on at Folkestone then, that I know of—they went in and out like other lodgers at the sea side—we generally find lodgers go out after breakfast for the sea air—I do not remember that there was any embarkation of troops from Folkestone—I did not see Pierce again to recognise him till to-day—I have never recognised him before to-day—I was examined at the Mansion House, but I did not see Pierce—Adams was brought in for me to recognise, but not a word was said about Pierce—I do not know that I have mentioned his name in the witnesses' room to-day—I have not been asked anything about him—I did not look about enough to see him at the Mansion House—I never looked round, only to recognise Adams—I spoke of another man, but I was not asked to pick him out.





THOMAS LEDGER
. I am Custom House agent at the Harbour station at Folkestone. On 28th Oct., 1854, I was married, and went away from my duties for a short time, from Saturday, 7th, till I think the following Wednesday or Thursday—I was absent on 30th Oct.—I do not know Agar by that name—I have seen a man go through the Court that I have seen at Folke-stone—I do not know his name—I saw him, previous to my marriage, at the Rose Inn, kept by Medhurst—I saw him there twice—I do not think that house is frequented by the servants of the company—I only know one who frequents it besides me, that is Mr. Chapman—I have seen the man sitting there, but not conversing with anybody—I do not recollect that I have spoken to him—there is a billiard room there and a smoking room—I recollect once Agar was introduced by the landlord when I and a clerk in the Provincial Bank were in there to supper, before my marriage—the landlord brought him in, and in consequence of what the landlord said, he came and had supper with us—after my return from my wedding trip, I saw Agar again—I now distinctly recollect seeing him on the harbour, he spoke to me, and told me that during my absence he had forwarded a valuable parcel to my address—I do not think that was many days after I returned—he did not invite me to go anywhere at that time, but I must have seen him afterwards, because he asked me if I would go to the Pavilion and take wine with him, which I declined—a person there named Conden, made a communication to me in consequence of my being with Agar—my office is close upon the harbour on the pier—I had a key of the bullion chest—I cannot say for certain the exact place where I kept it, but it must have been either in

the bullion room, or in my pocket, or in a desk which I had behind me—there is no drawer to my desk, or under it, or near it, nor in anybody else's desk, in which tickets are kept—a person named Sharland had an office quite separate from mine—when a boat arrives from Boulogne, it is my duty to attend to the landing of the passengers and render them any assistance they may require in passing their baggage, and Chapman's duty is partly the same, he sits by my side—on the arrival of a boat, I should go out to the landing of the passengers and Chapman sometimes goes—either the superintendent's clerk or Mr. Chapman's assistant would remain in the office—I have known the office to be left when a boat arrives—there are two locks on the bullion chest, but I believe only one was in use at the time of the robbery—I was on duty on the night of the robbery—I do not think I saw the bullion chests removed that night—I do not recollect it, but I saw them next morning, and saw them put on board the steam boat in the charge of McNie.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Do you generally keep the key either in your desk or in your pocket? A. I did then; I have kept it in the bullion room, which is in my office—Sharman is not in my office; Chapman is, and also Mr. Jones, Mr. Wellan, Mr. Lisle, and a youth that he had as an assistant, and the superintendent; it is, in fact, the steam packet office—the superintendent has a private office to himself, an inner office, I mean the captain of the harbour—when I went out I should not look round to see whether the superintendent or some of the clerks, are there, if the boat is coming in—we never all go down to meet the boat—they should go on with their duties while I go on with mine—Chapman did not always go down with me; I have a recollection of his doing so at times—I was not examined before the Magistrate; I did not get my letter soon enough, or I should have been there at 10 o'clock in the morning, but I did not get my letter till that time—that was the last examination but one, and I was not summoned on the last—I should think it must have been in the spring of 1844 that I first saw Agar—I was married in Oct., 1854, and saw him again after that.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Do you recollect the circumstance of one of the keys of the bullion chest being lost by one of the captains of the boats? A. I do, by Captain Mold—I believe it was through that that he left the service of the company; he left shortly afterwards—I cannot speak to the time, but it was certainly before I was married, some time before; I should not like to fix upon the date.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How many times have you ever known the office to be left without anybody in it, when a boat arrived? A. I cannot say for a certainty, but I have known it; I have gone and found it empty, and I should think if I said a dozen times I should not be under the mark—what we generally call the bullion room is a sort of closet in the office—I should think it is twelve feet high by about ten feet wide—it is a small room; the door of it is about four or five yards from the outer door of the office—the office is railed off, and you pass through a swing door, and then through another; you then come to Mr. Jones's desk, and directly at his back is the bullion room—there are places there where keys can be hung up; there is no light, only from the door—the key of the bullion chest has been hung up in that closet, and it would be only three or four feet from the person who opened the door, as it hung on the wall.





CHARLES JAMES CHAPMAN
. In 1855 and 1856 I was in the service of the South Eastern Railway Company at Folkestone. I know Agar—I first

saw him at Folkestone in the spring of 1854—I was at that time export agent to the company and my office was on the quay—when I first saw him he was alone—when I first saw him he was in the coffee room of the Rose, Mr. Medhurst's—I remember his coming down to Folkestone in the autumn—he came to my office to inquire for a valuable parcel on Saturday, 28th Oct., which he said he expected—I told him that it had not arrived; he called on the Monday, it had then arrived and I gave it to him—I took it from the iron safe, which I unlocked before him, and he might have seen where I took the key from—I cannot say whether I replaced the key in his presence after I had taken the box out—I produced the bullion way bill to him, and asked him to sign a receipt on it—he requested me to draw it out, in consequence of having wounded two of his fingers—I saw that two of his fingers were In a black silk bag—I wrote the body of the receipt and he signed it in the name of Archer (he had inquired for a parcel in the name of Archer)—this "C. R. Archer," on this way bill (produced) is his writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. You kept the key of the bullion room? A. I did; I had it on my person for one week; that was in Mr. Ledger's absence—that is the only time that I have kept it—when the key was wanted it was taken away, I mean the key of the bullion room—the key of the bullion safe was never put in the bullion room—it was my custom, when I went out, to lock the bullion room door and take the key with me—Mr. Ledger will tell you whether it was his custom—I always did so to the best of my knowledge, I considered it my duty.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Were the two keys of the iron safe never put in the bullion room? A. I cannot say.





CHARLEMAGNE EVERARD
. (through an interpreter). I am an assistant to the firm of Packham Neuffer and Co., of Paris. On 17th May, I received from Abel and Co., of London, a box—this is the box, I was present when it was opened; it did not contain gold, it contained shot; it was in such bags as these.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Did you see the whole of the box turned out? A. Yes; there was nothing in it but shot and shavings.





THOMAS SHARMAN
. I keep the Torrington Arms at Merreweather, in Kent In Oct. and Nov., 1854, I was station clerk at Folkestone—I have seen the witness Agar—I recollect seeing him about that time in Folkestone—I saw him on the pier in Oct. and Nov.—I know Ledger, I remember, about the time of his being married—the last time that I saw Agar at Folke-stone was about the time that Ledger was married—I saw Tester with him on the pier—I went with them to the Pavilion Hotel—Tester, I believe, invited me to go; I had known Tester before, not intimately, but by seeing him several times—I was on speaking terms with him—I had a friend named Greenstead with me, he went with me—when I left, I left Tester and Agar together—I heard one of them, Tester, I believe, order dinner at the Pavilion, for two persons—I know Hazel—he had previously said something to me about Agar.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. When you saw Agar and Tester together, were they walking arm in arm? A. The were walking together, I cannot say whether they were arm in arm—I merely knew Tester as one of the officers of the company—the officers got passes on the line at that time, I did so, if I wanted one—I recollect Tester being married, I do not know the date, I do not think it was before the robbery, I do not recollect the time—I had seen Agar at Folkestone before—Tester

did not introduce me to him that I recollect—I was not cautioned against associating with Agar—I was not told that I had better have nothing to do with him—Hazel drew my attention to him as a suspicious character—I went, after that, and had wine and biscuits with him, through Tester inviting me—I did not tell Tester what I had heard about Agar.

MR. MONK. Q. Did you say anything to Hazel in consequence of Tester's having brought you in company with Agar. A. Yes, the next day I told him I thought our suspicions were not correct.

COURT. Q. In what office did you get your passes. A. The Superintendent's office, London-bridge.

MR. MONKS. Q. Was that an office in which Tester was employed? A. I believe so.





GEORGE DOUGLAS HAZEL
. I am inspector of police to the South Eastern Railway Company, at Redhill; in 1854 I held the same appointment at Folkestone harbour—I know the three prisoners—In 1854 I saw Fierce at Folkestone harbour in company with the witness Agar; I believe it was in May, 1854, they were on the pier, standing near to where the passengers were going on board the steam-boat which was in connection with the tidal train—the tidal train had just come in—I should think they were there on that occasion about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; I cannot say the exact time—I believe they remained there until the boat had sailed—I then saw them leave the pier and go in the direction of the town—I had some reason for noticing Pierce more than an ordinary person—I did not see what part of the town they went to after they had passed the pier—I did not follow them into the town—I cannot recollect whether any bullion was shipped on that day; it was frequently shipped about that time—I saw them together about ten or a dozen tames after that, usually on the pier at the time of the departure of the boat for Boulogne, and the arrival of the boat from Boulogne—I made a communication upon this to Mr. Steer, the superintendent of the Folkestone police—I pointed them out to Mr. Steer, and also to a man that he sent to me—I saw Agar at Folkestone in Oct. 1854—I saw him go into the booking office of the station at Folkestone harbour—he was there aboutten minutes or a quarter of an hour—he brought nothing out—I went in while he was there, and saw him looking round at Mr. Sharman, the booking clerk, whilst he was making up his money in the inner office, adjoining the booking office—Agar was in the outer office—he could see Sharman, by going to the doorway; he could look round the corner at him; he did so—I saw him again on the following day, on the pier, I think between 11 and 12 o'clock—he was with Tester—the boat was then getting ready to start for Boulogne—nobody was with him when I first saw him, but a very short time afterwards I saw him with Tester—I knew Tester perfectly well—I saw them go from the pier in the direction of the Pavilion Hotel—I did not watch them much beyond the station—the Pavilion Hotel is close to the station—I should think they must have been in my sight altogether for twenty minutes on that occasion—I believe Mr. Ledger was away at that time; his marriage was about that time—I saw Tester again that day at the harbour station—he came and went up by the train which left Folkestone harbour at half past 7 o'clock in the evening.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Had you known Agar at all? A. Not before that—everybody goes to see the steamer come in, there is very little else to see there—I cannot tell you when Tester was married, whether it was before or after the robbery—he remained in the Company's service some considerable time after the robbery—I believe he

then got another employment of a better kind—I cannot say whether he was highly recommended by the Company when he left—he went away with the reputation of a very good character, as far as I know—at the time this inquiry commenced, he was abroad, he came over and surrendered—I am the person who cautioned Sharman about Agar—I only knew Agar by seeing him about the pier, I did not like the look of him at all; he carried it in his face—I did not give Tester any hint, Tester seemed to know him so well—Tester was in the employment of the Company, and a comparatively young man.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Pierce was in the service of the Company at one time, was he not? A. Yes; as a ticket-printer—I do not know exactly when he left; I should think it was about 1852—I am not aware that his business as ticket-printer took him constantly to almost every station on the line—I should say it was not his duty to visit a station when anything was the matter with the tickets there; he was merely the printer of the tickets—all he had to do, so far as I know, was in printing the tickets—I am not aware that he ever went to put the tubes or papers to rights—I do not know how long he was in the service of the Company—I believe he was generally known over the line.

Cross-examined by Mr. GIFFARD. Q. How long had Burgess been in the employment of the Company) A. I think ten or twelve years; he was so up to the time of being taken on this charge—as soon as I officially knew of the robbery, I communicated to the railway authorities what I had seen—that was long before the Company were resisting Mr. Abel's claim; about a week or a fortnight after the robbery—I was directed by the police officers not to mention what I knew, for fear it should frustrate the ends of justice, and by their wish I kept silent; and by the wish of the railway authorities—I was directed to do so, and I did so—Captain Barlow was managing at that time for the Company—I spoke to him on the subject, and he also directed me to keep quiet—I cannot tell you the date of that; it was some short time after I had seen the detective; I should think within a month or so of the robbery.
Mr. BODKIN. Q. You had seen the detective before you saw Captain Barlow? A. Yes; the detective showed me an authority from the Company for making the inquiries he was making—I received directions from him to keep quiet what I knew; I told that to Captain Barlow, and he also told me to keep quiet.





JAMES STEER
. I am superintendent of the police at Folkestone—I was at Folkestone in May, 1854—I remember seeing Pierce there about the end of May—I was in a fly, and saw him pass with Agar, whom I knew as Adams—in consequence of what had been said to me I noticed them particularly—they were on the way between Hythe and Folkestone—the first time I saw them they were in company together on Folkestone harbour between 10 and 11 o'clock in the day—I do not recollect whether it was about the time the tidal train arrived—they observed me, and generally walked away in different directions, particularly Agar—I should think Agar was there a fortnight on that occasion, and Pierce eight or ten days to the best of my recollection—I saw Agar again at the end of Aug. or the early part of Nov., opposite the Pavilion Hotel, on Folkestone harbour—he was then with a tall gentleman; they were both standing under one umbrella; it was a rainy day—when I came near to them I observed that they saw me; the tall man walked away into the Pavilion, an Agar walked away in the direction of the town—I do not know who the tall man was—I

knew Burgees at that time—I saw him in. company with Agar on one occasion on Folkestone harbour, nearly in the same place where I saw Agar in company with the tall man—I never saw Agar in Folkestone after that—I made a memorandum of this in May.

Cross-examined by Mr. GIFFARD. Q. You knew Agar at the time you saw him with Burgess? A. I did; I am quite certain of that; I believe it was in Oct. or Nov., I could not swear which; it was on the same occasion upon which I saw him with the tall gentleman—I have no doubt about it at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PABBT. Q. You say you saw Pierce there, was that at the time the troops were departing for the Crimea? A. No; there were no troops departing from there on that occasion—I do not recollect Lord Cardigan's departure—he might have departed by the boat, I cannot say about that.





HENRY WILLIAMS
. I am a booking clerk to the South Eastern Railway Company—I was formerly a porter or night watchman at the Dover terminus. I remember this robbery—I was on duty on the night of 15th May, 1855, when the half-past 8 o'clock mail train from London arrived at Dover—it came in about 11 o'clock—Burgess and Kennedy were the guards that came with that train—I took no particular notice of anybody that came by that train—I remained in the booking office until the up train left Dover at 2 o'clock—it was an express train, with only first class carriages—I issued tickets to only two passengers by that train—besides the two persons who took those tickets, I noticed two men going through the office to go up by that train—I did not notice them enough to speak to their persons—each of them had a bag in his hand—Burgess and Kennedy were in the office at the time they went through; we were all three standing together—they might have seen the two persona going through—I recollect that one of the men was of a light complexion and one dark, but no further than that—I was about to speak to them when I saw that they did not take tickets, but Witherden, the porter, met them at the door, and asked them if they would allow him to put their bags into the carriage—I could not hear the reply they made him—he did not take their bags—I did not see those persons get into the carriage—they west on to the platform—I issued the tickets to the two passengers who went up by tickets—one was an elderly gentleman; he paid for the two tickets, to the best of my recollection; the other was much younger, perhaps twelve years, or from that to twenty—I should have taken them to be father and son.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Do not you think they might have been uncle and nephew? A. Probably they might; there were very few persons in the office when they passed through—it is a train that in general takes up very few passengers—there were no porters there besides myself—Burgess, Kennedy, and I were all three talking together—as the persons passed through, two of us turned round to look at them, Kennedy was sitting facing them—there were several gas lights in the office and along the platform—they were on the platform I should think about twenty minutes before the train started—I was seven or eight yards from them as they passed through.

Cross-examined by
MR. LEWIS. Q. You say Burgess and Kennedy came into the office. A. Yes; I cannot say whether they came in together.





JOSEPH WITHERDEN
. I am a porter in the employment of the South

Eastern Railway Company—I was on duty on the night of 15th May, 1855—I remember the mail train coming in—Burgess and Kennedy were the guards—I remained on duty till about 6 o'clock in the morning—I was on duty when the 2 o'clock train went—I remember seeing two men going by that train—I saw them arrive at the station—I do not know them—one was taller than the other, and they had kind of cloaks on, and slouched hats—I cannot remember exactly whether they were long or short cloaks—they came straight through the booking office—I asked them to allow me to take their bags—they did not do so—there was another porter on duty—I supposed their bags to be heavy by the way in which they carried them—I spoke to them about their tickets, and they showed me two first class tickets by way of Ostend—they were blue tickets—one of them gave me some money; I cannot say which it was; it was the one that sat nearest the door—I asked them if their bags had passed through the customs—they said, "No, we came over last evening"—I could not swear it, but to the best of my belief, the Ostend boat was not soon enough on that night for the 2 o'clock train.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. I believe the train was about twenty minutes in starting after their arrival, is that so? A. Something between twenty minutes and a quarter of an hour—I opened the carriage door for them—I did not talk to them at all, only about getting the bags passed through the customs—there was plenty of light in the office on that morning.

MR. MONKS. Q. At what particular time was it that the man near the door gave you the money. A. I was not above two or three minutes with them altogether—it was after the conversation about the Ostend tickets.





WERTER CLARK
. I keep the Rose Inn at Dover, near St. Mary's church, in the upper part of the town—I recollect two men coming to my house in the early part of 1855—I could not swear positively to either of the men, but I remember one was a short man and the other rather taller—the taller man had dark hair and whiskers, and the short man had light curly hair—that I can remember, but I cannot distinguish the men after that long time—to the best of my recollection the men I speak of slept at my house, and went away in the morning—they said they were going to Folkestone—the short man asked me the way by the cliff side—I directed them, and they left—the latter man seemed to limp a little when they started, but not particularly so—I noticed it.





ROBERT CLARK
. I am waiter at the Dover Castle Hotel, at Dover—I went to that situation in April 1855, on the day that the Emperor of the French landed on his visit to this country—I remember two men coming there one night after I had been there a short time—I do not know them; one was rather shorter than the other—as far as I recollect they had two bags with them—I do not recollect what sort of covering they had on—they went away by the 2 o'clock train—before they left, they told me to put some brandy in a soda water bottle—I did so—I had to leave the room in order to do that—they left about half past 1 o'clock I should think, about half an hour after I had fetched the brandy—I did not see which way they went—they took their bags with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Did they sup? A. No, not that I know of—they came about 11 o'clock, and left about half past 1 o'clock—there were gas lights in the room where they were sitting, there were no other persons there.






JOSEPH WITHERDEN
. re-examined. A porter, named Off in, was on duty that night—it was his duty to attend to the passengers as well as mine—he quitted the company's service about twelve months ago.





MATTHEW DICKENSON
. I am a policeman in the employment of the South Eastern Railway Company, stationed at the London-bridge terminus—I remember the gold robbery—I was on duty on the morning of 16th May, as porter at the London terminus, when the train arrived which left Dover at 2 o'clock; it was due at half past 4 o'clock—I believe there were not more than four passengers came up by it—I opened the doors to let the passengers out—I let out two passengers only from the compartment that I opened, one man was a little taller than the other, and one was darker complexioned than the other—the one that stepped out of the carriage first on to the platform had a bag in his hand—I did not notice the other so much—they had no luggage but what was with them in the carriage, I believe there was not any luggage that morning in the luggage van, but Woodhouse had the collection of that, not me—the man that I let out and spoke to, had a large cape on, and he had dark hair and dark whiskers—I asked him if he wished for a cab and he declined it—he and the other man that got out with him went down the platform together—what became of them then I did not observe.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Were there any other porters on duty? A. Yes, there was one porter on duty besides me—he might open some of the carriages; four passengers is not an unusually small number for that train—I saw the four, and very probably the other porter might—they had perhaps seventy or eighty yards to walk to get out of the station; I did not speak to both of the men, only to the first, he answered me, he declined having a cab—I did not go along with him after that till we left the station—one stepped out of the carriage immediately after the other—they walked away together—there was a policeman' on duty outside, at the door through which they would have to pass, his name is Perry; there would be two policemen at the door—I will not Bay that they must have seen the men, they might have been otherwise engaged at the time; it was their duty to be at the door—I have been in the company's service two years last April.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Did you communicate to the railway authorities what you had seen at the time? A. I did, a few days afterwards, to Mr. Weatherhead.

MR. BODKIN. Q. As soon as you heard of the robbery, I suppose? A. Yes; the duty of one of the policemen at the door would be to book the cabs, if any went out, and the other would call out the address and destination to which the cabs were going.





WILLIAM WOODHOUSE
. I am at present a guard on the South Eastern railway. In May, 1855, I was a porter at the London terminus—I was on duty there when the 2 o'clock train from Dover arrived in London on 16th May, 1855—it was my duty to unload the milk cans from the luggage van—to my recollection, none of the passengers had luggage in the luggage van that morning—I noticed three of the passengers, two walked up the platform together, and the other followed a minute or two after—I am not able to recognise the two that walked together—I noticed that one was rather taller than the other; very trifling—I cannot say what sort of covering they had on.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Did you see them come out of the carriages? A. I did not—I was about twelve or fourteen yards from them when I observed them—Dickenson was attending to the carriages—I did

not see him let two men out of the carriage—I was engaged at the luggage van at the time.





STEPHEN JONES
. I am a guard in the service of the South Eastern Railway Company. In April, 1855, I was guard of the 7.30 evening train from Dover—I continued on that for the succeeding month of May—it is unusual to continue longer than one month—that train is due at Redhill at 9.25—the 8.30 train from London is due at Redhill, at 9.4—I remember, on one occasion when I reached Redhill, seeing Tester there; that was in May; it was before I heard of the gold robbery—he was just coming out of the refreshment room door, on the up side—I knew him very well as a person in the employment of the company—he had a black leather bag with him—to the best of my recollection it was about twelve or fifteen inches long—I saw him afterwards in a first class carriage—that train did not stop between Redhill and London—I did not see anything more of him that night—I know Pierce and Burgess; Burgess I knew as a guard—Pierce I have seen at Folkestone in 1854—he was there in company with some one—I do not know the man—I have not seen him since, that I know of—I have seen Agar, but I do not recollect him—J saw Pierce and the other man on the pier at Folkestone, about four or five times—I have also seen Pierce in London; I have seen him at the Green Man, in Tooley-street; and Burgess was there at the time—that was in 1853—J have not seen him there since that.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. What time was it that you saw Tester coming out of the refreshment room? A. About 9.25—the train had just arrived there from Dover—I then saw him in a first class carriage in that train—it is usual for the guards only to be one month on a train—it sometimes happens they are more—it has happened about three times to my knowledge, where the same guard has continued more than one month—I have been on one train for many months, but that is a special service by itself, and the guard is never reckoned with the other guards—Burgess was on the tidal train when it came to his turn—I have seen Tester before at Redhill—I cannot say how many times, at different times—I cannot say whether he was a friend of the station master there or not—Mr. Ness is the station master there; I do not know whether he is here—I first mentioned about this black bag, about a month or five weeks ago—I heard of the robbery five or six days after it was committed—I do not recollect mentioning about the black bag until after I had read Agar's evidence—I read a portion of Agar's evidence—I read that portion in which he charged Tester with being an accomplice of his—I never, to my knowledge, mentioned a word about the black bag until then; I do not recollect doing so; I could not swear whether I did or not—I did not know Agar—I do not know that I had ever seen him.

Q. What makes you say that you are certain this occurred before you heard of the robbery? A. Because it was not so very long before I left that train altogether—J remember it perfectly well—I was only continued on that train during April and May; and I should not have been there at any other time—I never recollect being on for two months at any other period before that—I had only been on one month—I would not swear I had not been two, because I am not positive—I can pledge my oath that it was during that two months that I saw the black bag—I will swear that I saw Tester there in May with a bag—I say it was in May, because it was the last month I worked that train—I did not mention it to anybody—I did not take particular notice of Mr. Tester—I was asked a few questions about the robbery in June—I did not then mention about seeing Tester with the

black bag in May, because I was not asked the question—I mentioned it now because I was asked—I was never asked about it before—what I was asked about in June was, if I had seen Pierce at Folkestone—I do not remember that I was asked anything else at that time—I cannot say whether when I was examined in June, I knew the night on which the robbery had been committed—I believe Tester was occasionally a relieving station master—that is a person who takes the place of the station masters when they get a holiday, or anything of that kind—I cannot say that I have seen Tester with bags of that kind often—I have seen relieving station masters with them, and other luggage as well—I cannot say what sort of bags they carried, or what sort Mr. Tester carried previous to that—I know he carried a black bag that night—I do not recollect seeing a relieving station master with a black bag—there are a great number in use—I did not see anything unusual in the bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You say you saw Pierce at the Green Man, in Tooley-street? A. Yes; that was not while he was in the company's service—I never knew him in the company's service—the Green Man is a house that is very much frequented by persons in the company's service.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Can you tell me whether the rotation of the under guards is the same as that of the guards? A. Not always; there is a little difference; the under guard does not usually go with the head guard on to the tidal train—with that exception, he generally takes the same rotation as the other guard, he generally gets changed every month.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you ever, to your recollection, see Tester at Redhill, with a black bag, except that night? A. No; when I was examined on this subject in June I was not questioned at all about Tester—I was asked about Pierce—the inquiry was about him.





FREDERICK RUSSELL
. I am booking clerk at the London and Brighton terminus of the Greenwich Rail way. I was there in May, 1855—I know Tester and knew him at that time—I. recollect hearing of the robbery of the bullion box—I remember Tester coming to the office one night about 10 minutes after 10 o'clock—the half past 7 o'clock Dover train generally gets in at 5 minutes past 10 o'clock—I cannot say whether the half past 7 o'clock down train had arrived when I saw Tester—he lived at Lewisham at that time—a person could go to Greenwich only by that line, not to Lewisham—he came to the window and asked me if I was going home by that train, that was the last train, the 20 minutes past 10 o'clock to Greenwich—he said that he had been to Red-hill and back since his office hours—he brought nothing into the office at that time—Perry, the night watchman, was in the office at the time—Tester seemed rather excited—he came in as soon as Perry went out—there was then nobody in the office but me—he put a black bag behind me, in a recess against the fire place, and said that he would be back in a few minutes—he went away, and after he was gone Perry returned and asked me whose bag that was—I said that it was Tester's—to my best recollection it was fifteen or eighteen inches long, and nearly new—I had never seen him with it before to my knowledge—he was not in the habit of going down by that late train—he may have, but I cannot recollect it—this was some time in May, to my best belief—it was before I heard of the robbery—he returned and took the bag, and told me that he would rejoin me at the carriage—I cannot recollect seeing anything more of the bag after that; he joined me at the carriage and went with me to Greenwich, and from there to Lewisham—I did not see Perry touch the bag—I was busy booting passengers.


Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. You say that you had not known of his going down to Red-hill before, you would not have known at that time if he had not told you? A. No, I should not be in the way of seeing—he lived about half a mile from me at that time—I do not know his family—I believe he was married at that time, and had been so about two months previously—there was a fire place in the room, and I was sitting opposite it; it was directly behind me—if this desk was the fire place, here was my booking window—he brought the bag in, and put it down directly behind me on the floor; I should say four yards from me—I should not almost kick against it, moving towards the fire place; it would be out of my way; it stood close against the boards of the wall—I cannot tell whether it was fastened, or how it fastened—he was away seven or eight minutes—I did not feel it—it was made of black shiny leather—it was the same as you might see, a common carpet bag; this sort of bag (a black leather one)—I have seen a good many thousand railway travellers without these bags—I went down with him that night, but did not notice whether he had the bag with him—whether it was before or after the robbery I do not know, but I think it was before, because when we went home, when we heard of the robbery, it was our general discourse—I afterwards knew the day on which it was committed—I was not examined about it by the authorities of the railway—I mentioned about it about three weeks before the surrender of Tester, but after the examination of Agar—we did not very often go down together at night; we might—it was not usual for him to call at my window—I should not have thought it remarkable if he had gone down without me—there was not the least cause for his putting the bag into my office.

MR. BODKIN. Q. There is a line of rail which goes to Lewisham direct? A. Yes, the North Kent line, but that train had gone—I cannot recollect ever having gone down with him before to Greenwich; I might have.

MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Were you, Tester, and a person named Dunnell, in the habit of very often going down by the Lewisham train? A. No; I do not know whether Tester went with me, I made no observation about it.

COURT. Q. Do you book for the Lewisham train? A. No.





JOHN PERRY
. I am night watchman at the London and Greenwich terminus—I know Tester—I remember seeing him at the Greenwich booking office one night in May, 1855—it was before I heard of the gold robbery—I first saw him that night entering the Greenwich booking office; it was about ten minutes past 10 o'clock—the last train went at twenty minutes past 10 o'clock at that time—he went to Mr. Russell—there is an open window where the tickets are issued, and he spoke to him through the open window—I heard what he said; he said, "Good evening, Mr. Russell"—Mr. Russell returned the compliment, and he said that he had just come from Red-hill—Mr. Russell said that it was sharp work; because he said that he had been between office hours—I went away then, and came back about ten minutes afterwards, or not quite so much, and went into the office—Mr. Russell was then in the office; nobody else; Tester had left—Mr. Russell desired me to shift a box for him out of the way, and I saw this black bag then down against this box—I shifted the box on one side so that I could move the box, and said to Russell, "Whose bag is this? it feels very heavy and lumpy"—I took it up in my right hand, and put it on one side, and Mr. Russell said that it was Mr. Tester's—it felt heavy and lumpy, just as if a stone was in it—it was about a foot long or more—I did not remain till Tester came—I did not see him go in, neither did I see him

come out—it must have been three or four days after that that I heard of the robbery.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTTNE. Q. How did you lift the bag up? A. With my right hand—I put it on one side—I did not feel what was in it—it was about the size of the one that is here, or it might be a trifle larger—I read Agar's evidence—I never said anything about a black bag till I had read it; we had not the least thought of anything of the kind—when we read Agar's evidence it freshened our memories that it was somewhere about the time that the gold robberies took place.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were you asked anything about the black bag until lately? A. No.





JOHN CHUBB
. I am one of the firm of Chubb and Sons, lock makers, of St. Paul's Church-yard. We made the locks for the bullion chests for the South Eastern Railway—there were four bullion chests and two locks to each—there were five keys originally made to each set of locks—the left side locks on all the chests were the same and the right hand different—that is, there were two sets of locks on the four chests, and five keys to each lock—in 1854 we received these letters (produced)—I have no doubt of their being received about the time that they bear date.





WILLIAM HENRY WHITE
. I am a clerk in the audit of the South Eastern Railway. I know Tester's writing—I believe these letters are in Tester's writing except the signatures. (The first letter was dated 21st July, 1854, to Messrs. Chubb, from G. W. Brown, Superintendent, South Eastern Railway, requesting to see Messrs. Chubb at the office, at their earliest convenience respecting these bullion chests. The second was dated 17th Aug., from the same to the same, giving an order to alter three of the keys, and to make one new one with all possible dispatch, with a postscript, "Let all these keys come to my office when altered, G. W. B" The third was 14th Aug., from the same to the same, requesting that the chests might be fetched the next day, that No. 1 keys might be altered.)

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Whose writing is this postscript? A. I believe it to be Tester's with the exception of the G. W. B.—I am sufficiently acquainted with it to say that the postscript is his.





JOHN CHUBB
., re-examined. I find that about 18tb Aug., the four keys were altered, and a new one was made—then on 21st and 22nd Sept., the No. 1 locks of two chests were altered, and on 21st Oct. No. 1 lock of the fourth chest was altered; that completed it—I have no doubt that the keys were from time to time sent to the superintendent's office, agreeably to the request in those letters—the first lock would necessarily be altered when the first box was done—when I heard of the robbery, I sent to the railway terminus, I did not go—the chests were all brought to me and I inspected them and the locks after the robbery—I found the whole of the No. 2 locks so corroded that the key would not act—they were all unlocked and opened, as if they had been some weeks, if not months, in that state—they were unused—that was two or three days after the robbery.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Do you mean the boxes which were supposed to have been opened with a false key? A. Yes, the whole of the four boxes which had been used for carrying the bullion—these letters are, the body in Tester's writing, and signed by the superintendent, purporting to be under his order.





JOHN PEAKS KNIGHT
. I am out of door superintendent of the South Eastern Railway. In April, 1855, I was deputy to Mr. Brown, the superintendent of the line—Tester was one of his clerks, and ranked as third clerk in the office—there was an assistant named Finnegan, he was deputy—I

left the company in Sep. or Oct., 1855—in 1854 up to May, 1855, it was Mr. Finnigan's duty to regulate the attendance of the guards—this (produced) is the routine of the guards up to April, 1855—in April, Burgess and Kennedy were the guards of the 8.30 mail train and the second class return train from Dover—these words, "And May," are Tester's writing—that is what we call the mail train up and down—I remarked to Tester that it was irregular to continue the guards for two months together; he replied that it was of no consequence, that it had been done before, or something to that effect—I entered the service of the Company in Aug., 1854—before that I had nothing to do with transmitting bullion by railway—shortly after I came I heard a conversation between Mr. Brown and Tester respecting the keys of the bullion chest—to the best of my recollection, it was about a key being lost by one of the captains—Tester was sent to Folkestone about that—a few weeks after that, several keys were returned from Messrs. Chubb's, after the locks had been re-combined and altered, to the best of my recollection, Mr. Brown took charge of them, and put them in a drawer in his office—that is not the office in which Tester was employed—Tester's office was the outer one next to Mr. Brown's, and opened into it—Tester received instructions from Mr. Brown to dispose of the keys—I know no instances in which he has had occasion to visit Folkestone, or Dover, or Red Hill, on the Company's service, except with respect to these keys when they were lost.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Do you know of any occasion that he had to visit Folkestone? A. No, except in respect of the bullion keys—that was about Aug. or Sept., 1854—he was then sent there to make inquiries, to rectify the mistake—I believe I was present when the keys were returned from Chubb's—Mr. Brown took possession of them at once—I do not know whether he is here—I have not seen him—I believe I saw him put them into his own drawer; I cannot say now whether he did or not—I do not recollect consulting with him about the alteration of the time of the guards; I cannot recollect that I mentioned it to him—I will not swear I did not—I mentioned it to Tester—it was unusual for guards to remain longer than a month—it had been done before on two or three occasions, with an interval of twelve months between, perhaps—I do not think it was occasioned by some general alteration of the trains, I do not think there was one; I am only speaking from memory—I do not think there was any general alteration of the trains at that period—I do not recollect the words I used to Tester, but it was something about the irregularity of the affair—I do not recollect that Tester had mentioned to me before he entered those words that he intended to do so, or that I had consulted Mr. Brown on the subject—I do not recollect Tester mentioning it to me at all; I will not swear he did not—I never heard any conversation between Tester and Brown on the subject—I believe I saw Tester make the alteration, the entry—the whole of the guards would then, of course, continue—it did not apply to Burgess in particular, but to every guard on the line—it all went on in May as in April—I do not remember any trains being altered in the middle of the month—I do not recollect consulting Mr. Brown at all; he generally left such matters in my hands entirely.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Have you any other of these guards' duty sheets here? A. I believe there are several—Kennedy was for two months on the same train, it might possibly be three months—Mr. Finnegan is the person who up to May, 1855, is responsible for that, and was so at the very period you are inquiring about—I have not got the one

for March here—by looking at it I should be able to tell you that Burgess and Kennedy were on the 8.30 train in March—in March, April, and May Kennedy was on the same train.

MR. BODKIN. Q. He was the under guard, was he not? A. Yes—the adding the words "and May" was done at the end of April—Finnegan had not left the service of the Company then; he left about four or five months afterwards—he gave up that duty—he ceased to act in that department in April, and before this alteration was made by the addition of these words—I do not recollect that anything was said by Tester about a change in the trains when that conversation took place—the answer he gave me when I expostulated with him about it was that it was of no consequence—the effect was to continue Burgess as the head guard of the mail train for the month of May.





JOHN MATTHEWS
. I manage the business of Messrs. Massey, goldsmiths and foreign money changers, of No. 116, Leadenhall-street, at the corner of St. Mary Axe—by my book I find that on the morning of 16th May, 1855, I bought 210 American eagles—the entry is in my own writing—I gave 210l. 13s. for them—it was from 9 o'clock to half past—I do not recollect the person; it was a man, and he was alone—I paid him in gold, by his desire; but, as I had not the money to pay him in the house, I sold them in the trade, got bank notes for them, and changed the notes at the Bank of England—that occupied about half an hour, and I found him remaining in the shop, and gave him the gold—I have a slight recollection of him; he was rather a tall man, and looked as if he had been travelling; he looked tired.

COURT. Q. Did you tell him the reason that you detained him? A. I told him that I should go and get the gold.





RUDOLPH PROMMELL
. I am a money changer, at No. 37, Haymarket, the third house on the right hand side, near the top—I have got my book here (produced). On 16th May, 1855, in the morning, I bought 200 American eagles, for 203l. 6s. 8d.—I paid by this cheque (produced), on the Union bank, branch No. 4, Pall-mall East.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. How long did the transaction of the sale of this money take? A. Not more than ten minutes—I hardly remember anything of the transaction—I do not remember whether conversation took place about the sale—I recollect nothing but the sale.





ALEXANDER WHITE
. I am manager of the Union bank, Charing-cross branch, Pall-mall East—I cashed this cheque on 16th May, 1855, in English sovereigns.





MARY ANN PORTER
. I am the wife of James Porter, of No. 13, Harleyford-road, Vauxhall—I saw a man at the Mansion-house, who went by the name of Agar—he took apartments of me in the name of Adams, in the beginning of Oct., two years ago, he had a female with him, who was called Mrs. Adams—I have frequently seen Pierce there as a visitor to Agar, in the name of Peckham—they remained there about seven weeks—Peckham came about twice the first week, and afterwards more frequently—he very frequently stopped half the day, but sometimes not so long—Agar brought the furniture, and, as far as I know, it was his—it was taken away in a van—Peckham went with them—I do not know where it was removed to, they did not tell me—they moved away the week before Christmas.





JOHN HONNOR
. I live at Walnut-tree-walk, Lambeth, and have known Pierce four or five years—I knew him there—Walnut-tree-walk adjoins Lambeth-walk—I remember his applying to me to dress a dark wig

for him, it was nearly black—I did it and returned it to him—I remember his leaving the neighbourhood and going somewhere else—it was a month or five weeks before that, that I dressed the wig for him.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. When was it? A. At the latter end of 1854, it might be about Nov.—I have dressed very few wigs since that.





FANNY BOLAN KAY
. Some years ago I was an assistant at the refreshment bar at the Tunbridge station, and while there was acquainted with Burgess, who introduced me to Agar, that was in 1853: some time after which I became intimately acquainted with Agar, and had a child by him—I lived with him at several places, and in Dec, 1854, went to live with him at Cambridge-villas, Shepherd's-bush—before that I had seen Pierce in Agar's company, in Harleyford-road, Vauxhall, and at Greenwich, where I lived, and at Tooley-street, at the Green Man public house, I think it was—I have seen them very often together, and taking meals and refreshments together—so far as I saw, they were well acquainted with each other—I did not see Burgess in Agar's company from the time he introduced me till we went to live at Shepherd's-bush—Pierce went by the name of Peckham—on 7th May, 1855, my child left me to be weaned; Charlotte Painter was then a servant of ours—one Sunday, a fortnight after that, I went to see the child—I remember Mrs. Bessel's death, our next door neighbour, she died on 18th May, 1855—it was after that that I went to see my child—on the Tuesday or Wednesday night before that, Agar was absent all night—he was away the week after, and a few days before—I saw him next day, in the afternoon part—I cannot say exactly the time—he came with Pierce, in a cart; they had two bags with them—I think it was two—they carried them into the washhouse—I did not see them opened—after their return Pierce was there generally every day—after 21st May, he and Agar were in the back room, first floor—I looked into that room once when they were there together, and saw that they had got the stove out and a very bright fire in the chimney—when I opened the door they both ran to it and shut it, but I do not think they said anything to me—before that they had been much in the washhouse, but I do not know what they had been doing, I never went in while they were there—sometimes they were there for the course of the morning, and I heard them hammering very often—they also brought into the house shooting bags, made of drab leather, and one black one—when I peeped into the room up stairs I heard a loud noise, a furnace, it was like the roaring of a large fire—I heard that going on for several days—I saw what appeared to me to be square pieces of stone brought down from that room by Pierce, one end was in a pail and the other he held with a duster—after I had heard that noise, they came down to their dinner and their meals, very hot and very dirty—I inquired what they were doing, and they said, "Leather apron weaving"—they gave no other answer but that—I have heard them speak of Burgess and of Tester—I have gone into the room after that noise has ceased; the stove has been replaced and blackened, and the floor burnt in a few places—about the time that my child was weaned, they wore the fashionable capes, shortish cloaks; Agar had his about two months before my child was weaned—I never saw Pierce looking otherwise in respect of the colour of his hair than he does now—I have seen him with more hair about his face, but his own hair I believe—some short time before Agar's arrest, he left me, and I remained at Cambridge Villas a short time—he went to Kilburn, but I did not at that time know that he was there—he came to see me before I heard

that he was arrested; the child was not with me at that time, he was at Rotherhithe, with a cousin of Agar's—after I had left Cambridge Villa, I saw Agar at St. George's-road, the day before his arrest; before that I had not seen him for a considerable time—after he went away I remained in lodgings in St. George's-road for some time, Pierce provided the money for that up to January—I cannot say how much he gave me, it was different sums; he was to have allowed me 1l. a week, but he did not do that—I went to live at his house in January, and remained till the latter part of April, the child was with me—I left on account of words with Pierce—while I was at his house there were two trunks of Agar's there, there were his clothes in them and a box of tools, I do not think there was anything else—I saw no money which I knew belonged to him—I saw his watch there, and a set of shirt studs, and a diamond ring, but no money or notes—I have seen Pierce with a great deal of gold before I went to live at his house; he had a little bag of sovereigns about this size—he once told me that he asked Agar to lend him a sovereign, and Agar would not; sometimes he said he could get money out of him and sometimes he could not—he has only once told me that he had asked Agar to lend him small sums of money, that was during the early part of the time that I was at Cambridge-villas—Pierce asked me to lend him a shilling when I was at Greenwich, in 1854—previous to the gold robbery, Agar used to sell his old clothes to Pierce; I suppose he sold them, I have seen Pierce take the old clothes away, and have heard them making a bargain for them—I have seen notes as well as gold in Pierces possession after the robbery, I cannot tell to what amount; I have seen a roll of notes in his hand—after I left his house in April, I had no means of support, and made application to Pierce for money, I got it, and I applied again and got it, I applied to him again and was refused—after that, I saw Mr. Weatherhead, the Governor of Newgate, and made a communication to him; I afterwards saw Mr. Rees, and made a communication to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Might I ask you without being impertinent how old you are, or believe yourself to be? A. 25—I left the Tunbridge station in 1852; I was dismissed—it was not for anything dishonest, I am quite sure of that—at that time I went to my mother's, to my home—I have not lived with other men besides Agar, I will swear that—I have known a person named Tress, I do not consider that my conduct has been improper with him at all—I know a person named Hart—I knew him perhaps six months after I left Tunbridge—I did not live with him, nor was I constantly in his company—he used to come up to town once a fortnight or three weeks—he did not stay with me—he used not to give me money—I will not swear that, but for no improper purpose—he has given me money, a sovereign or two sovereigns sometimes—he is no relation of mine—he is, perhaps, about thirty years of age—Mr. Tress has given me money; not in the same way—he gave me 5l. once—that was after I was dismissed—I do not know what they dismissed me for at Tunbridge—I do not know what complaint it was; I had done no harm—I wanted to go home, that was the commencement of it—I had a very comfortable situation there, 12l. a year and my board and lodging—I was not dismissed on account of improprieties with men; I have not said so before the Magistrates—I did not speak to Hart until I had left Tunbridge station—I know a gentleman named Bill Barber—he has not given me any money—he was under guard—I did not keep company with him—I do not know whether he is alive or dead, but I am quite sure he never gave me any money—Tress is not a relation

of mine—I cannot say how old he is, he is elderly—I stayed at my mother's until the Nov. following, I should think—I think I left Tunbridge in April—when I left my mother's I went to Johnson-street, Somers Town—I worked at Crosse and Blackwell's, in Soho-square—it was not then that Mr. Hart called to see me; it was at my mother's—she lived in London—he never called to see me anywhere but in London—he never gave me a sovereign in my mother's presence, he never saw my mother—after I left Johnson-street I went to Brighton with Agar; I was acquainted with him in Johnson-street—I did not know Agar's various names; I mean that I did not know him by the name of Agar, only by the name of Adams—he left me twice—that was not on account of my drunken habits, that I am aware of—he did not allege that as the reason that he left me—I was not in the habit of getting tipsy.

Q. Will you swear that your child was not registered in the name of Agar. A. I knew it when he was registered; he was two years old on 7th July last—in 1854 I knew Agar's real name—Adams and Agar are the only two names I ever knew him by—I know a person named Hodges, he never visited me—I have been in his company, but not for a very long time—he used to give me money, not less than a sovereign at a time—while I was at Pierce's I was out all night for two nights—it was not three nights—I have not been brought home there tipsy—I did not have a quarrel with Pierce on account of my drunken habits, it was on account of a letter I had from Agar, and I left the house—I will not swear that I have never been brought home drunk to Pierce's—I do not recollect being brought home drunk in a wheelbarrow to Shepherd's-bush—it might have happened—I should not think it could have happened more than once—I did not hear of something of the kind afterwards—I have not been down to Portland Island at all where Agar was—I have been supported by the Company since the disclosure which I chose to make—they do not allow me anything, I get my food and lodging, but not my clothes—I do not exactly know how long they have done so, but I suppose it is since last Oct.; two or three months—I knew that Pierce was what is called a betting or sporting man—I have not seen money in his possession, which he has stated in my presence was won by racing—I never saw him with a betting book—I never saw him making books up in the presence of his wife—I will not undertake to say that the amounts which I have received are not as much as 80l., but I do not think it; Mrs. Pierce did not say in my presence that I had—I will venture to swear it is not 100l.—Mrs. Pierce has not frequently complained of my drunken habits; she has told me that it was a pity that I should do so, but merely in a friendly way; she never had occasion to complain of me in her house.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. You said that Burgess introduced you to Agar, where was that? A. At a public house in Tooley-street, I think it was the Green Man—as near as I can remember, Agar was in the room when I went in with Burgess—I do not remember Agar making inquiry about some luggage—I lived with Agar nearly two years—from the time I was introduced to him, to the time I was before the Magistrate, I never saw Burgess—I knew him as a guard—Agar lived at Paddington when he was taken into custody—I did not know that he was living with Emily Campbell, till after he was convicted.

MR. SERJEANT SHEE. Q. You have been asked whether Tress and Hodges gave you money and you say that they did, have you any objection to state what it was for, was it for any improper intimacy with you? A. No—Hart

made honourable proposals to me after I left Tunbridge—I had not spoken to him at Tunbridge—I can hardly tell how long I continued under that engagement—it was while I was under that engagement, and after my mother's death, that he gave me money—the letter that I quarrelled with Pierce about, and which I received from Agar, was about money matters—Pierce said that Agar never had any money, that he was mad; he saw Agar's letter, and so did his wife—I never heard of a sum of 3, 000l. Consols, given by Agar to Pierce, to be settled on me to provide for me and my child; Pierce told me he had no money—the second part of the letter which caused the quarrel, was talked of between me and him, he wrote it from Pentonville; he told me I was to buy the two children, Pierce's boy and his boy, two silver cups, and several other things—he said what I was do in the letter, but I had no money to buy the things; he wanted a geography and several things, and Mrs. Pierce proposed sending him an old geography of one of her daughter's—Agar said that Pierce was to give me the money, and I told Pierce so, and his wife too—since X was first examined, I hove been living in the house of a police inspector, Thornton—I have had money, but I have been supported and my child.

COURT. Q. Have you ever heard of 3, 000l. Consols, said to have been provided for you by Agar? A. I never heard anything of it since.
(By the permission of the Court, Mr. Wontner, Pierce's solicitor, stated that Agar had 3, 000l. in the Three per Cents., which had been a long time standing in his name, that he, Mr. Wontner, had his instructions to sell it out, that it realized 2, 700l.; that a number of payments had to be made out of it, and that Agar directed him, by a written order, to hand over the balance, 2, 500l., to Pierce, which he did; that on subsequently asking Pierce if he had invested the money, he replied that he had, in Turkish bonds, and that he had traced the notes handed to Pierce, 'and found that they corresponded with the purchase of Turkish bonds.)

MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. to Edward Agar. Q. Did you hear of the loss of the key on board the Folkestone packet? A. Pierce communicated that to me, stating that he had heard it from Teeter—to the best of my belief, I was not on the packet on the very night that it was lost—I did not hear of it being lost till Pierce communicated it to me.





CHARLOTTE PAYNTER
. I live at No. 8, Southampton-street, Vauxhall. I am fifteen years old—at one time I lived with a Mr. and Mrs. Adams in the Harleyford-road—I have seen the man Agar who has just left the Court—he is the person that I then lived with as Mr. Adams—I was not long in their service in Harleyford-road, about two or three months—I was there when they moved—it was very cold weather when they moved—it was about Christmas time—they moved to Cambridge-villas—during the time I was with them in the Harleyford-road, I saw Pierce there—I have not often seen him there—he came to see Adams—he was there at the time of the removal—the furniture was moved in a van—Pierce helped to move the things out—I slept at home at that time, and went there to look after the child—I did not accompany them to Cambridge-villas—T went there to live with them—I was a good while in their service there—I remember hearing of the death of a Mrs. Bessell next door to us—I had been there two or three months before Mrs. Bessell died—I saw Pierce at Cambridge-villas as I had done before—he used to come there oftener than to the other place—I was mostly out with the child in the day time—I slept in the house at Cambridge-villas, in the back room up stairs—Mr. and Mrs. Adams slept in the front room—there is a washhouse at the back of the house—I have

known Pierce to be there along with Agar—I had no opportunity of seeing what was going on in the washhouse while they were there—I did not hear anything—I did not hear any noise—sometimes they were there all day—I remember going to the washhouse once, and not being able to get in—Agar and Pierce were in there then—I knocked at the door, and Agar said I could not come in—I did not hear any noise at any time when Agar and Pierce were on the premises—I saw two boxes in the washhouse, one was a green one, and the other a white one—that is the green box (looking at the one produced)—when they were not in the washhouse I could get in—I noticed a vice fixed there—I saw one bag there, a drab one, like that (the leather produced)—it had one long strap to it—I saw Agar once come into the back parlour with that bag, and put it on a chair—I think that was just before Mrs. Bessell died—I cannot tell whether there was anything in the bag—I had not to move or to lift it—there was a common stove in the room where I slept; that continued there as long as I remained—when I used to clean the washhouse I used to posh the boxes along to sweep underneath them—they appeared to be heavy.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Are you quite sure about the time that you left, do you recollect a child of Mrs. Bessell's dying? A. Yes; I did not leave before that—I left after Mrs. Bessell died—I have given my evidence before—I did not notice Pierce doing any carpentering work, or anything of that kind at any time—he helped to move the goods.





MARY ANN WILDE
. I lived as servant with Mr. and Mrs. Bessell. I was living there when Mrs. Bessell died—I left about three weeks after her death—I slept in the back room, up stairs—Mr. and Mrs. Adams lived next door—from the window of my bedroom I could see the window of Mr. Adams's washhouse—I could not see into the washhouse so as to see what anybody was doing in it—I have seen Mr. Adams go into it, not often, I cannot say how many times—I have seen Agar—he is the man I call Adams—I once saw another man go into the washhouse with him—I recollect Mr. Bessell borrowing a hammer once from Mr. Adams—I fetched it—I have heard a hammering noise in the washhouse when Adams has been there—I used to hear it frequently.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Do you know Charlotte Paynter, who was servant to Mr. and Mrs. Adams? A. Yes—I remember Mrs. Bessell's death; she died on 18th May, 1855, a child of hers died before that—I did not know whether it was two or three months before or more, I cannot say for certain—Paynter did not leave before Mrs. Bessell's child died; I do not know whether she left before Mrs. Bessell died—I have not been spoken to on this subject since I was examined before the Magistrate—Paynter left after Mrs. Bessell died; she left about a month before I did—Lam sure Paynter left after Mrs. Bessell died—I recollect something that happened after she died—I was at one time under the impression that was before she died, but something brought it to my mind; I recollect showing her something after Mrs. Bessell died—Mr. Bessell was not in the habit of hammering much, he put up the clothes lines in the garden—he did not hammer at anything else in the garden, I only borrowed the hammer once, Mr. Adams lent it me at once.





ZACCHEUS LONG
. I live at No. 5, Crown-terrace, Haverstock-hill. On 18th Dec., 1854, Pierce took the house, No. 4, of me, and he terminated his tenancy on 18th June, 1855, and then went to live at No. 3.





JOHN CARTER
. I am a beer retailer, at Camden Town. The prisoner

rented a house of me in Crown-terrace, No. 3—he took it on 18th May, 1855, and went into it on 4th June—he remained there about a month.





WILLIAM ELLIS WOOD
. I am a cab proprietor, residing in Hawley-mews, Hawley-street, Camden-town. I drive one of my own cabs, No. 3016—I remember being out with my cab in the spring of 1855, and being called by some man, and driving to somewhere near the Prince of Wales; it was about 7 or half past 7 o'clock in the evening—I stopped about 200 or 300 yards from Crown-terrace, at the corner of the high road—the man who had called me, then went away towards Crown-terrace; he afterwards returned with another man, they had two or three bags with them—I cannot swear which, one I think was leather, and two carpet bags—they ordered me to drive to the Brighton station—when I got over London bridge, they stopped me by the Bridge Hotel, on the right hand side—one of the men was, I should say, four or five inches taller than the other—when we got to the Bridge Hotel, one got out, and went towards the station, or towards Tooley-street, the one who remained in the cab, ordered me to St. Thomas's-street—I went there, and stopped against Guy's Hospital—I was told to pull up there—the men had mantles of some description; they had not got them on when they went in, they were on their arms then, but they placed them on when they got out, at least one man did—I could not hear anything that passed inside as I went along, I merely felt the action of the cab was very different to what it out to be, as if somebody was standing up, or moving about—I never felt the bags, and could not form any opinion whether they were heavy or light—the man who got out of the cab was away, I suppose, a quarter or half an hour—when he returned they ordered me to drive back again to where I had come from—when I got up to Hampstead-road, I was ordered to turn up towards the Mother Shipton—I did so, and they discharged me there, and went away with their bags—that is about 200 or 300 yards from Crown-terrace—there are two ways by which you can go to Crown-terrace; those are the two ways. I have mentioned—I saw the men again, I cannot say whether it was a week afterwards, or it might not be so long: they came and fetched me off the rank then, near Chalk Farm; I was not on the rank the first time—it was the same man that fetched me, the shorter man—he took me to the same place, went away, and brought another man with him, and the same luggage—I think it was the same person that he had fetched on the former occasion, but I cannot swear to that—the two were of different heights—I cannot swear that the tall man was the same, but I know the shorter man that hired me was—I drove them then to St. Thomas's-street, on St. Thomas's Hospital side—I stopped there, and the shorter man got out—I noticed the same sort of action of the cab that time—they seemed to be rustling or moving about in the cab, as if they were looking out or something—after the shorter man had been away about half or three-quarters of an hour, he returned; they had some conversation, and then they ordered me back again—on that occasion they had cloaks on their arms when they got in—I then went to the Prince of Wales-road, on the Hampstead-road side—I was ordered to set them down at the other end—they got out there, and took their luggage away; I could not carry it, because you cannot get down that road—that is about 200 yards from Crown-terrace—I saw them again; it might be a week after, but I cannot remember how long it was—the one man fetched me again from the rank, the short man, the same that had fetched me on the two former occasions—he took me to the same the Hampstead-road, the Prince of Wales's corner, left me, and

fetched the same man, I think, as before, but I could not swear as to that; he was of the height of the man that had come on the former occasions—they brought their luggage and cloaks just as before—they told me to drive to St. Thomas's-street, in the Borough—I did so—I pulled up, I think, on the St. Thomas's Hospital side—the short one got out, and went away; he seemed to bend his way to the left, as if he was going towards Tooley-street; I do not know whether there is any way to the station that way—on that occasion I lifted one of their carpet bags; it was heavy; it weighed, I should say, a quarter of a cwt., or more—the man returned to the cab the third time, got in, and ordered me back to where I had come from—I should say this was the latter end of April, or the beginning of May; it was somewhere about that time, it was always dark when we returned in the evening.

Q. Did they appear to you to be equals, or that one was a person of more authority than the other? A. One appeared to me like a valet to the other; the shorter one always appeared to me as if he was a valet—the short man generally gave me directions where to go.





JOSEPH CARTER
. I live at No. 143, Grove-street, Camden-town; I drive a cab, and have done so for twenty years. I remember being hired by two men at Camden-town—from the time I first spoke about it, which is nearly two months ago, it was about fifteen or sixteen months; it might have been more—Pierce was one of the men, and Agar was the other—it was in the evening part—they both came together; I was on the rank in High-street, Camden-town—they brought some bags with them, two, if not three; by the way they put them into the cab, they appeared to me to be heavy, because the cab rather sounded at the bottom—they got in, and desired me to drive St. Thomas's-street, in the Borough; I pulled up on the left hand side, at the bottom—I believe there is a way there to the arch of the railway terminus—Agar got out of the cab, and the other one remained—Agar went to the left, towards the arch—he was gone half an hour—when he returned I heard him say to Pierce, "It is not a going down to-night"—he then got into the cab—I drove them up to the top, on the near side, and I believe they had a glass of ale; one of them had, I know—they then ordered me to drive them to the Mother Shipton—they got out there—one got out first, and went into the public house, into the doorway—they took out the bags, and paid me my fare—when I was crossing the road I looked round, and saw them both going along Prince's-terrace, towards Crown-terrace; they had their bags with them—I did not take any notice of the way in which they were dressed—I had seen Pierce before, up and down Camden-town—I have seen Agar and Pierce both together, but not to know them, to have anything to do with them, before that time—I have seen them coming along together, and pass the rank in High-street, Camden-town, which is my usual place of standing, and has been for the last twenty years.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. What time in the day do you say it was that your cab was ordered? A. It was evening part, towards 5 or 6 o'clock, or it might have been a little later—it was not as late as 9 o'clock, I am quite certain—I did not hear of the gold robbery at any time; I swear that; I never heard a word of it, no further than I heard of a gold robbery, but not to know that I had anything to do concerning it; I have heard people talking about it—I was first discovered as a witness in this case, on the Friday before I gave notice at Scotland-yard—I did not go down to the Mansion-house twice before I was examined—I was not examined the first day I went there—I was there one day before—during those days I did not see Pierce and Agar brought in, neither of them

saw them standing at the bar after I went in, before the Lord Mayor—they had not been pointed out to me before—the first time I saw them since I gave information was standing in the dock at the Mansion-house charged with this offence—I did not read Agar's evidence—I swear that—I never talked about it, not a word—I heard them talk about his coming forward, but I never heard his evidence, nor heard any talk about it—the persons I drove in my cab had no cloaks, at least I did not take notice of that—I was asked, and I said I did not see any.





JOHN PACKER KNIGHT
. re-examined. I have been at the place which the cabmen have described, near St. Thomas's Hospital—there are two ways from that place up to the station—there are two sets of steps; one leads from Joiner-street up to the Brighton station, and the other from Tooley-street up to the Greenwich side of the station.

MR. BODKIN. to
FANNY BOLAN KAY. Q. Do you remember Pierce at any time being lame? A. Yes; he had the lumbago; that was during the time I was at Cambridge-villas.

MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Have you ever mentioned that fact before to-day? A. Not that I know of.





JAMES CLEMENTS
. In May, June, and July, 1855, I kept a coffee-shop in High-street, Camden-town, adjoining the Southampton Arms, near the turnpike—I left that shop last July twelve months—some time before that I remember two persons coming to my house one evening—I cannot say exactly how long before it was, but I should think between two and three months; one was rather shorter than the other—they brought a carpet bag, I believe, with them—one of them went away and stopped for some time, about an hour, I cannot say exactly—when he came back, they took the bag and went away, and I saw no more of them—I did not see whether they had a cab or not.





JOHN ALLDAY
. I live at Newbury Mews, Haverstock-hill, which is about half a quarter of a mile from Crown-terrace—I found some shot in Prince's-terrace; that leads from the Maldon road, not a stone's throw from Crown-terrace—a person going from Crown-terrace to Kentish-town, or in that direction, would go along the place where I found the shot; it was strewn along the road by the side of the kerb—I picked up about a double handful, and a lot more boys picked up some besides me—I cannot recollect when this was; it is a good while ago—I left school three years ago—it was a good while after I left school—there were two or three sizes of shot (looking at some in one of the bags produced)—there were some the size of this, and some might be a little larger.





EMMA MAY
. I now reside at Mr. Holden's, No. 18, London-street, Greenwich. I formerly lived as servant with Mrs. Thomas, when she kept the Marquis of Granby, at New-cross—I lived there for five years and a half—I left in Feb., two years come next month—I know Burgess; he was in the habit of coming to the Marquis of Granby—he lived near there—I know Pierce; he also frequented that house—they came there a great many times—I cannot say how often—they used to go to the bar parlour—that was where the general run of customers went—when that was full, they used to go into the next room; that was a public room as well—they used to come in the morning between 11 and 12 o'clock, and in the evening between 7 and 8 o'clock—they did not very often come together; they did sometimes.

Q. Have you known either of them come when the other was in the house before him? A. Yes, sometimes Pierce and Agar, but I never knew

their names—I used to know them by sight—I knew Agar—I saw him last a goodish bit before I left—I did not know that his name was Agar then, I have heard it since—I saw him at the Mansion-house—he used to come to the house with Burgess and Pierce—he used to come as often as the others.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. It is a railway house, is it not, frequented very much by the railway men? A. No, there are not a great many come there—I knew where Burgess lived; he lived at New-cross—when they came in, they used to have a glass of beer or something to drink; they used generally to drink half-and-half—they came and drank like other customers, very moderately—I objected to that—the rooms I speak of are the public rooms used by the customers—if they went from one room that was full, very likely the other was half full; they would be in the presence of ten or twelve persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. When did you first say that you knew Agar by sight? A. I had been there a good while before I took any notice of them coming—I never heard Agar's name—I have seen Agar, Burgess, and Pierce together a good many times—I cannot say how long ago—I should think I saw them about six or eight months before I left—I left two years come next month.





WALTER STEARN
. I keep the White Hart public house, St. Thomas's-street, Borough. I know Pierce and Burgess—I have known them from seven to eight years, I should think—previously to May, 1855, they had been in the habit of frequenting my house, separately and together—I do not think I had seen Agar previously to May, 1855—I cannot remember the time that I knew him—I am not aware that I saw him at my house after the middle of May, 1855—I have seen him at my house, but I do not know the dates or the times; I should think it was not since May, 1855, but I am not sure—I remember hearing of the robbery; I cannot say whether it was before I heard of the robbery or after—I have seen him with Pierce and Burgess two or three times—they have been together taking refreshment, not long together at a time, a very short time—I believe I have seen them all three together—there have been other persons in the house at the time—I remember in Feb. last a parcel being given to me by my servant—I saw Burgess a day or two afterwards, I think, and he asked me if I had a parcel for him—I said I had, and produced it—he opened it while I was in the room; I saw that it contained notes—he at the same time gave me 500l. all in notes, and consulted me as to what should be done with it—I advised him to deposit it with a banker—he objected to that, and I told him I would go up to my brewers, Messrs. Reid's, and ask them if they would receive the money—he consented to do that—I took the money to Reid's, and saw Mr. Smith, their cashier, and left the money with him—I afterwards received some interest upon it from Messrs. Reid; I left it with my barmaid, and she handed it to Burgess with the book—this (produced) is the book, and this is the entry on 19th Feb.

COURT. Q. Do you know that you deposited the money on the same day as is dated there? A. Yes.





SARAH THOMPSON
. I am barmaid to Mr. Stearn, and was so in Feb. last—I remember giving Mr. Stearn a parcel containing bank notes—I received that parcel from a person named Lee—as near as I can recollect, it was addressed to Mr. Burgess—I afterwards gave Burgess 8l. 1s. 1d. for interest—I received that from Mr. Stearn—I showed Burgess this book at the time I gave him the money—Burgess did not say anything to me about the parcel when I paid him the 8l—I gave him the money, saying that Mr. Stearn had

left it, and showed him the book—I had not any conversation with him about the parcel before I received it from Lee, nor after—I never spoke to him about the parcel, nor he to me.





RICHARD LEE
. I am a stockjobber, of Charlotte-street, Camberwell—I have known Burgess eight or nine years, Pierce about eight years, and Tester four years perhaps—I was formerly in the employment of the South Eastern Company, as clerk—at that time Pierce was ticket porter to the Company, and Burgess was guard—I have been in the habit of using Stearn's public house, and have seen them there occasionally—at the beginning of Feb., 1856, Burgess saw me at Mr. Stearn's, and asked me if I knew anything about Turkish bonds—I said, "Yea"—he asked me the price—I referred to the paper, and found that it was 8l., or something like that, and he gave me instructions to buy 500l. stock—I went to Hutchinsons', the broken, and asked them to do it for me, and they did—I took a note of the purchase to Burgess at Steam's—I bought for a day or two on, because being 500l., it was not so easily got as 1, 000l.—the consideration altogether was 407l. 10s.—I went to New Cross, and got the money from Mrs. Burgess—Mr. Burgess asked me when I should want the money; I said, "It does not matter for a day or two," and he said, "I will leave it at home; ask Mrs. Burgess for it;" and I did so—405l. of it was in notes, and 2l. 10s. in gold—I paid the same notes to Hutchinsons; I wrote the numbers of them, but left it at New Cross, at Mrs. Burgess's, for safety—I wrote my name on the notes—these three 100l. notes, and eight 10l. notes, are part of what I received from her, and paid to Hutchinsons—my writing is on them (the notes were Nos. 45421, 45423, and 45424 for 100l. each, 9th Jan., 1855, and eight 10l. notes, Nos. 21560 to 21567, all dated 5th June, 1855).

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. You say that you saw the prisoner at Stearn's, do you mean the whole of these three men? A. No—I never saw Tester there—I never said that I saw them all three there—I know nothing of Tester being employed on the railway, excepting that he was clerk.

MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. to
J. P. KNIGHT. Q. What were Tester's hours of work) A. From 9 o'clock in the morning to 5 in the afternoon—it would occasionally happen that he would stay after that time, but those were his regular hours.

MR. LEE., Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFABD. Q. You say that you have known Burgess seven or eight years? A. Yes—he has always borne the character of an honest man—I had 405l. in notes from Mrs. Burgess—407l. 10s. I obtained from her in all—I paid the whole at that time—you have had the notes from the banker's, and you will find my endorsement on them—I remember five weeks after the Turkish bonds were purchased, that I sold them again for him for 464l. 7s. 6d.—he obtained a profit of 57l. 10s. on that transaction—at the time he bought them, he said that he understood that they would rise 20 per cent, and they did rise 22—I sold them at 93l.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When was it you sold them? A. Some time in the beginning of Feb.—I had a cheque for them on 15th Feb.—I employed Hutchinsons to sell them, and I had half commission—they gave me a cheque on Curtis's, and I got it cashed there, put the notes in an envelope, and went over the water and left them at Mr. Stearn's, for Burgess—I gave them to the young woman, Thompson, the same notes.





RICHARD ADYE BAILEY
. I am a clerk in the bank note office, Bank of England. I produce six 100l. notes, paid to the name of Edgington, on 28th May, 1855—I did not pay them myself, I know it by the

books—(The bank books were here sent for)—I know of the return of those notes—I have a 100l. note of 9th Jan., 1855, No. 45420, which was returned on 14th Sep., 1855; it has the name of Tester on it—I did not see it at the time it was returned—I have taken it off the file of that day—the Christian name is torn off—here is part of a "G," and underneath is "For C. Page"—I have also a 100l. note, No. 45422, dated 9th Jan., which came in on 11th Sep., 1855; it has on it "Wm. Geo. Tester, 11 Sep., 6, St. Jermyn's Villas, Lewisham"—I only know for what it was exchanged by examining the bank books; somebody else can tell you—the next is a 10l. note, No. 44525, 9th Jan., which came in on 21st Nov., 1855, with the name on it of "Geo. Raffan, 72, Warren-street, Fitzroy-square," and "Henry Fisher"—there is also "R. B." for Royal British—the three other 100l. notes which have been put in already were taken off the file; they have the name of "J. Burgess," on them—I do not know of my own knowledge who paid them in, but I know that they came in through Robarts and Co., because I know the way in which they mark their notes—eight 10l. Bank of England notes, Nos. 221860 to 221867 inclusive, were paid in on 9th Jan. 1856, they are part of the same parcel as the three 100l. notes I have just mentioned—I remember a 100l. note, No. 42255, being taken off the file; it had the name of "Stearn" on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. I understand you are able by the bank books to ascertain when the notes were paid in? A. Yes—of these two 100l. notes with Tester's name on them, No. 45420 was paid in on 14th Sept., 1855, and No. 45422 was changed over the counter on 11th Sept., 1855—I can find out when these notes were issued—there is nothing on the notes to tell me, there never is, but it was subsequent to the date of course; the date is 9th Jan., 1855.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Have you got a 100l. note there with the name of Raffan upon it? A. Yes.

J. P. KNIGHT., re-examined. This G. or Geo. Tester on this 100l. note 45420 is, I believe, Tester's writing, as is also this "Wm. Geo. Tester, 6, St. Jermyn's Villas, Lewisham" on No. 48422—he lived at Lewisham, I forget the exact address.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Are you quite satisfied of that? A. Yes—the two signatures resemble each other—I know the writing very well from his being in the same office with me, and I saw his writing daily—there is no concealment about it; it is quite the style.





GEORGE RAFFAN
. I am a porter in the neighbourhood of Fitzroy-square—I know Pierce—he requested me to change a 100l. Bank of England note, or to get it changed—I do not know the number of it—I wrote my name on it, and took it to a person named Fisher, in Cranbrook-street, who gave me smaller notes for it—this (produced) is it, here is my name on it in my writing—I do not know Fisher's writing—about twelve or thirteen months ago from this time, Pierce asked me to go to the Bank of England, it was somewhere about the same time, they might be a month apart—I took sundry notes, and brought away 200 sovereigns for them; he told me to go over to the far end and I should see a little desk, and I could write my name on one of them—I did so, and got the money in gold for the notes.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT PARRT. Q. At that time, were you in Pierce's employment? A. Yes—I received 30s. a week from him as wages—I was in his employment thirteen or fourteen months, or it might be fifteen, I cannot say to a day or two—it was not two years—I left him about June or July last—it was in the beginning of 1855, and during a portion

of 1856, that I was in his employ—he kept a betting house, and hail considerable betting transactions—from time to time I have been In the habit of changing notes for him frequently, and giving him notes taken in business from the gentlemen with whom he bet—I took them in business, and gave them to him—I once changed the notes for gold, and once for smaller notes—I never took notes to the bank at any other time—I have known considerable sums of money in his possession from time to time arising from betting transactions—I have seen as much as 1002. or 200l. notes in husband, and more, derived from betting transactions—he used to go to the races.

MR. SERJEANT SHEE. Q. When was it that he had money derived from betting? A. From the beginning of last year, 1856, about Feb., but not previous in Panton-street—I had done business before for him—since Feb. I have seen the most extensive bets; I have seen as much as 200l.—I cannot say when; it would be in 1855, and about the spring time—the first place that I knew where he lived was in Crown-terrace—I have seen him win notes—I was an agent for him in getting—I never saw any money in Crown-terrace—he was living there when I saw the notes—but I did not see them there—he did not tell me how he got them—I never took his clothes out of pledge previous to the spring of 1855; I took a pair of boots out if you term them clothes—that was early in the spring of 1855—I cannot call to mind what they were pledged for.
Mr. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. In 1856 were not you engaged in making up a betting book, to the extent of some hundreds, for Pierce? A. No; I was not so engaged at a place called the Boar's Head—I made up a book when a horse called Saucebox won the St. Ledger—I cannot say exactly the extent—it was something like 100l.—that was in Sept., 1855.





JOHN SMITH
. I am a cashier to. Reid and Co., brewers. On 19th Feb. a deposit was made there by Mr. Stearn; I took the number of the notes, and wrote my name on them—these two 100l. notes, Nos. 39538 and 42255 have the name of Stearn on them in my writing, and so have these 50l., notes, Nos. 19324, 21858, 26249, 26711, and 28489; also these two 20l. notes, Nos. 73624 and 75625, and this 10l. note, No. 21558.





ALFRED JOSEPH YOUNG
. I am a stock and share broker. I know the witness, Edward Agar—on 17th Aug., 1854, he employed me to purchase, some Spanish bonds for him, in the name of Robert Adams—I bought for him 765l. Spanish Three per Cent stock—I delivered them to him in two bonds, one of 510l. and the other of 255l.—(Upon the witness being asked the number of these bonds, MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. objected, on the ground that it was giving evidence of the contents of a document, which could not be done without proof of its loss.
MR. BARON MARTIK
was clearly of opinion, that the evidence was admissible, not to prove the contents of a document, but for the purposes of identification, in the same way that proof of the identity of (my chattel, or the number of a cab, or the brand of oxen would be receivable; he had, in a case on the Western Circuit, allowed a party to describe the endorsement on a deed, for the purpose of identifying it: and the Court of Queen's Bench had held that decision to be correct.
MR. JUSTICE WILLES
had also no doubt that the evidence was receivable)—The No. of the 510l. bond was 1658, and of the 255l. bond, No. 1084—in the month of Nov. I purchased another bond for him, of 255l. stock, No. 2675.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. I suppose he paid you the money? A. Yes.

MR. SERJEANT SHEE. Q. You gave those bonds to Agar? A. Yes.






WILLIAM SINCLAIR ST. GEORGE FORRESTER
. I am a stock broker, in Angel-Court, Throgmorton-street—I succeeded to the business of Mr. William Shaw, to whom I had previously been clerk—while I was his clerk the prisoner, Tester, became a customer of his in share transactions—he was introduced by his father, Mr. William Tester—I bought for the prisoner Tester 100l. consols, on 27th June, 1855, and in about two months we sold out the whole of it—in June, 1856, I purchased for him three Spanish bonds.

MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Do you mean that by the direction of Tester you purchased anything for him in 1856? A. "No, the only transaction we had for the prisoner was the 100l. consols.

COURT. Q. Did you ever see Tester? A. Yes, he attended himself to sell out the 100l. consols that he had bought.

MR. SERJEANT SHEE. Q. On 3rd Jan. 1856, did you sell out two bonds for Mr. William Tester? (MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. objected to this question, MR. SERJEANT SHEE. proposed to connect the prisoner with the transaction in question, but upon the objection being pressed, postponed the question,)





BENJAMIN PAGE
. I am related to the prisoner Tester by marriage. I was the holder of this bond (looking at it) until I gave it up to Mr. Rees—it is the property of the prisoner Tester.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Just look at the names on those two 100l. notes, and tell me whether they are in Tester's hand writing, according to your belief or not—you know his hand writing I suppose? A. I do; I should say they were—it is like his ordinary hand-writing—there is no concealment whatever—I received this bond from his father, not from him—I only know what his father told me.

MR. SERJEANT SHEE. When did you first get possession of it? A. On 1st Dec 1856—I have seen the prisoner Tester since, and have spoken with him respecting that bond—he said his possession of it was perfectly legitimate.

MR. FORRESTER., re-examined. (Looking at the bond) I have no recollection of the number of the bond I purchased, without referring to my book—(referring) it corresponds with the entry in my book.

MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Is the entry in your own handwriting? A. Yes.

MR. SERJEANT SHEE. Q. Where did you purchase that bond? A. It appears to have been bought on 27th Feb., 1856—the consideration money given for it was 438l. 12s.—we sold other Spanish bonds, the produce of which was invested in this bond.

MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Who was it produced to you the bonds that were sold as part payment of that bond. A. Mr. William Tester, the father—I think I mentioned before, that we never purchased any Spanish bonds for the prisoner.

MR. SERJEANT SHEE. Q. Then you purchased the bond produced, with the proceeds of other bonds sold out by you for Mr. William Tester, the father? A. Yes; with other bonds which we had orginally bought for Mr. William Tester—I have all the entries in my book here—it was the produce of the sale of certain Spanish bonds which he brought to us, which were invested in other Spanish bonds active and deferred—on 3rd Jan., 1856, we bought for Mr. William Tester three bonds of 510l. each, Nos. 5245. 22403, and 29923.

Q. I ask you with what monies you purchased the bonds which you sold for the one produced? A. Mr. Tester brought us some bonds to sell—he

give us the bonds—we do not know how he became possessed of them—they were three bonds, one of 510l., No. 1658; and two of 255l. each, Nos. 125 and 1084—Mr. William Tester gave me those bonds on 3rd Jan., 1856—the sale of those and the purchase of the others were effected at the same time—we afterwards sold the others, and with the proceeds this bond was bought.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEAN BALLANTINE. Q. How long had you known Mr. Tester the elder? A. I believe he had been in the habit of doing business at the office many years before I came there—he is a man of respectability—I do not know his means at all, but we always considered him a highly respectable man, a man whose orders we always took—he had never been dealing with Spanish bonds before to my knowledge—Jan., 1856, was the earliest date of his dealing with Spanish bonds—he brought the bonds to us on 3rd Jan., 1856—I do not know what he is—he resides at Dover.





WILLIAM COCK TILLEY
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. On 28th May, 1855, I gave six 100l. notes for 600 sovereigns—the name of Edginton, Duke-street, was given when the exchange was made—I do not know the person who gave that name—the Nos. of the notes I gave were Nos. 45420 to 45425 inclusive, all dated 9th Jan.





ARCHIBALD GRIFFITHS
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. On 11th Sept. 1855, a 100l. Bank of England note, No. 45422, was exchanged with me for smaller notes—when that note was brought to me to be changed, it had the name on it that is on it now, "W. G. Tester, 6 St. Jermyn's-villas, Lewisham"—the Nos. of the 10l. notes I gave in exchange were Nos. 21558 to 21567 inclusive—(MR. SERJEANT SHEE produced nine of those notes, and stated that eight of them had the name of Burgees upon them, and the ninth the name of Stearn; the tenth note, MR. BAYLEY. stated, had not yet been paid in.)





EDWARD NATALI FRANCIS
. I am a partner in the firm of Edgington and Co., of Duke-street The South Eastern Railway Company are occasionally customers of ours, very rarely—we carry on business close by the station—I know nothing of the exchange of 600 sovereigns for six 100l. Bank of England notes at the Bank of England, on 28th May, 1855, in the name of our firm.





RICHARD LEE
. re-examined. I know Pierce—about the middle of March last, I got a small Spanish bond from him, which I took to Messrs. Hutchinson—they sold it for me and gave me a cheque for the amount—I got it cashed at Robarts's, and paid the proceeds to Pierce—he gave me no directions afterwards.

MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. to
MR. FORRESTER. Q. What is the value of that bond at 48 per cent.? A. I must have my book again (referring)—I think the value at 52 discount would be an odd sum, I cannot tell it exactly—the Spanish government promises to pay 3 per cent—the nominal value is 1, 020l.

Q. I understand you, that you received no cash on the transaction, except cash realized by the sale of other bonds? A. I think at the last exchange there might have been a trifling balance of 1l. or 2l—the exact sum was 438l. 12s.—there was no cash passed except just to make up the balance.





CHARLES COUSINS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Hutchinson and Co., stock brokers, of Lothbury. I sold a Spanish bond for Mr. Lee, No. 2, 675—I have here my entry of the sale—it was for 255l. Spanish 3 per cents.—(MR. BARON MARTIN. did not see the relevancy of this evidence and it was not pursued.)






JOHN CHARLES REES
. I am solicitor to the South Eastern Railway Company. I have conducted the investigation in this matter, and am conducting this prosecution—I went to the house at Kilburn-villa, on the same day that Piece was taken into custody, it has a garden in front, and leading from the garden to the street door, there is a flight of stone steps—I went down to the basement part of that house—I found a sort of pantry underneath the front steps—I made a search there—I found that the ground had been disturbed against the wall of the pantry furthest from the house, underneath the steps—a hole had evidently been dug there at some former time, and in place of the clay which was the natural formation of the ground, I found, that the hole was filled with loose cinders and rubbish, there were appearances which enabled me to judge how recently the hole had been filled up, in the cinders were fresh leaves and autumn berries, and part of the claw of a lobster, evidently quite fresh—there were several things found in the house, some Turkish bonds to a considerable amount, I believe 2, 600l., or thereabouts, some deeds, leases, securities for money, I O U's and promissory notes, and things of that sort; the officer who has them will give the particulars—several boxes were found—the green tool box which has been produced was found in one of the attics in the same condition that it is now; these two pieces of leather were in it—I had previous to this, on 22nd Sept., been to the house, No. 3, Cambridge-villas—it was then uninhabited and empty—it was a house of two stories, with two rooms below and two above, with a small dressing room—I went up to the back room, first floor—I found an ordinary stove in the chimney place—I caused it to be removed, and behind it found the three fire bricks which have been produced—the chimney was entirely free from soot, and had evidently been subjected to a very intense heat—I examined the bricks and found appearances of gold on them—they were exactly in the same state as they are now—I looked at the floor—I found that the boards had been burnt in several places, principally in front of the fire place, between the fire place and the window—I caused some of the boards to be taken up where the burning was, and I Sound several small particles of gold—these are them (producing them)—they had evidently dropped through the boards on to the ceiling below—at the time I went to Cambridge-villas, I had not had any interview with Agar, at Portland; I had, of course, before Pierce's arrest—I did not, in my interview with Agar, say anything to him of what I had discovered at Cambridge-villas, nor did he know that I had been to the house—I had an order from the Secretary of State to be permitted to see him—upon the second occasion of my going down, he made a statement to me—he had made the statement before I went to the house at Kilburn-villas;. it was in consequence of that that I went to the cellar, as I have described.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. What was the date of your visit to Agar? A. I cannot give it you exactly—the first visit I think was about the first week in Oct., but he made no communication to me at that time—the visit at which he did make a communication, was about ten days or a fortnight afterwards, or perhaps a little more—I am not quite sure as to these dates—it was in Oct., certainly—I was not the solicitor for the South Eastern Railway Company at the time the claim of Mr. Abel was first made against them, nor in fact at any part of the time—I did not examine any witnesses with respect to the claim of Mr. Abel.





FREDERICK WILLIAMSON
. I am a detective officer. I went to the house in Kilburn Villa—I discovered a box there with some tools in it—it was the green box that has been produced—I do not remember finding the leather

in that box—the box with the tools in it was conveyed to Mr. Rees' office, London-bridge, on 7th or 8th Nov.—it was found on the 5th—I also found there fourteen Turkish three per cent, bonds, three of 500l. each, five for 100l., and six for 50l., and a gold watch and chain—there is a representation of Windsor castle on the face of the watch, and the initials E. R. A. on the back—the Turkish bonds were in a tin box with a variety of memorandums, and other things—I think the green box was taken to Mr. Bees' office by Sergeant Smith.

MR. REES. re-examined. I took the green box from Pierce's to my office, and it has been there ever since—it contained these pieces of leather.

MR. SERJEANT PARRY. Q. Were there some betting-books and I O U's taken from Pierce? A. Either from Pierce or from his house, I do not recollect which.





FREDERICK WILLIAMSON
. re-examined. There was one betting-book, I think.

MR. SERJEANT PARRY. submitted that, as regarded Pierce, the only Count upon which he was called upon to address the Jury was the 3rd, charging a simple larceny; he was clearly not a servant of the Company at the time of the robbery, as alleged in the 1st Count; the 2nd Count, charging a larceny in a dwelling house, could not be supported, and, as to the 4th, charging him as a receiver, the evidence, if believed, pointed quite the other way; MR. SERJEANT SHEE. did not rely upon the 2nd Count, but, as to the 1st, he contended that, although Pierce was not in the Company's service at the time of the robbery, yet, as he was clearly an accessory before the fact, under 11th and 12th Victoria, c. 46, he might be treated in the same way as Burgess and Tester, who were the Company's servants and principals in the robbery; MR. BARON MARTIN. was of opinion that the 11th and 12th Victoria did not apply to such a case as the present, and that the 3rd Count was the only one which applied to the case against Pierce.


PIERCE—


GUILTY
. on 3rd Count. Aged 40.—



Confined Two Years; Three Months Solitary.


BURGESS—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.

TESTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.





Transported for Fourteen Years.

