



583. 




HENRY JONES



, stealing 25 spoons, 12 forks, 1 fish-slice, and other articles, value 5l. 14s.; the goods of 



John Mellor, in his dwelling-house.


MESSRS. COCKLE
and
BIRCH
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HAEVEY
 (policeman, G 14). On 16th Jan., about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner, whom I had known for twelve months, in Lower Rosoman-street, Clerkenwell, with Johnson and Clayton, whom I knew by sight—I and Reeve followed them to the Grapes public-house, Albemarle-street—they were in conversation together—the prisoner had a very shabby hat—the others had nearly new ones, apparently—this is one of them (produced)—it is not much worn inside, I think it is an old one dressed up—we were in plain clothes—they all three went into the Grapes—I got a third constable, stationed him at the door, and went into the parlour with Reeve—the prisoner and the two men were there—Johnson was sitting in a chair, and the prisoner and Clayton were talking to him—the waiter was sweeping the room—I said, "Good morning, gentlemen"—they said, "Good morning, master," and Johnson got out of the chair, and they all three moved towards the parlour door—the prisoner had no hat—they passed me, and I followed them—I knew they could not get out—I searched them all three at the door, but found nothing on them—I said to the prisoner, "Where is your hat?"—he made no answer—I said to the constable, "Don't you let either of these persons go while I search the room—I said to the waiter, in the prisoner's presence, "Where is that man's hat?"—he said he did not know—I found it behind a table, close to where Johnson sat, and within three feet of where the prisoner stood, with this blue hand-kerchief in it, containing a great quantity of plate (produced)—I went to the door, and missed the man without his hat—the other two were taken in charge, and I searched every room for him but that in which the land-lord was asleep—the other two men were locked up, but discharged the same night by Mr. Thirwett, at Clerkenwell—the prisoner was afterwards taken—I examined the premises, and found that, without passing the constable, he could get over the privy into the next house, the door of which is always open, and so into the street.


Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. What is the Grapes public-house? A. A pugilist, named Parker, keeps it; it is a sporting house—I told him he must go to the station with me, hut he was not charged or locked up, hut was made a witness of—Jackson had got a black eye.





JOHN REEVE
 (policeman, A 424). I was with Harvey—I followed the prisoner and the others into the Grapes—I had known him six or eight months, and before that by sight—Clayton was dressed as a countryman, and had an old hat on—the prisoner's hat was apparently new—Jackson's was a silk Paris napped hat—I have fitted this hat (produced) on the prisoner; it fits him—when he was taken, next day, he had another hat, older than this.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you next see him? A. Next day, in Brannan's custody; I know the waiter at the Grapes; he was taken down to the station, not charged, but taken to the Court as a witness—I did not see the prisoner escape from the Grapes—I was at the door with Jackson and Clayton—I am sure he had a hat on when he went into the room—the house is used by sporting men, rat killers and sparrers— there was no one there but the prisoner and the other two.





CHARLES FRANCIS HICKS
 (policeman, D 439). I was called by sergeant Hicks, and saw three or four men in the parlour of the Grapes—one of them was given into my custody—I saw no one escape—I could not see who was in the parlour—I was stationed outside—I am certain no one went out at the front door.





HSNRT FRATER
 (City police-sergeant, G 95). On Thursday morning, 16th Jan., I was near the ruins by Field-lane, about a quarter to eleven o'clock, and saw the prisoner running without a hat from Peter-street towards Field-lane—if he took one of the cross turnings, Peter-street would be in the direction from the back of Albermarle-street—he shunned me as soon as he saw me—I took particular notice of him, went to the station, and gave his description to the inspector.





CHARLES DIXON. I
 was potman and waiter at the Grapes at the time this occurred.

Cross-examined. Q. You are not there now? A. No; I left since this occurred—there were some little suspicions against me about it which caused me to leave—I have worked in Cheapside and Shoreditch, and through a little influence I got a ganger's situation in the London Docks—I remained there ten months, and gave it up through slackness, and then went to the Grapes—I had been a potman before at the Pied Bull, Islington, for four months—that was two years ago—gentlemen ratkillers, and a few fighting men, come to the Grapes—I have never been charged with anything before, on my oath—I was before a Magistrate for an assault, and once on suspicion when I had a moving job, and employed two or three men to assist me, and a bundle was missing—I was discharged at once—those are the only times—I am not doing anything at present—I lost a place last week through being compelled to be here—it is three weeks since I left the Grapes—since then I have been living at the Queen's Head, Islington.

COURT. Q. Did you take that plate into the room, or that hat? A. No; the hat is not mine.





SARAH MELLOR
. I live at 20, Charendon-street, Somers-town, and am a married lady, but have not seen my husband for ten years—I have not

heard that he it not living—his name is John—I live in the house—I identify these articles—they are worth about 5l. 10s.—I last saw them on 15th Jan., about five o'clock—the cloth was laid, and they were on the table in the back parlour—they could be seen there from the street—I returned in two or three hours and missed them.

Cross-examined. Q. How many servants have you? A. One; she has lived with me nearly six months—the plate had only been used four or five months—they are electro-plated—here is the bill of them, which came to 7l. 11s., including a clock, which cost 1l. 5s.





SARAH BERRY
. I am servant to Mrs. Mellor—this plate it hers, On 15th Jan. I cleared the table about half-past five or six o'clock, and put the plate in the plate-basket in the back parlour—I beard coaches going by louder than usual, and found the hall-door open and the plate gone, tablecloth and all.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure the door was fastened? A. No, but I thought I fastened it.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-inspector). I took the prisoner on 17th Jan., about half-past two o'clock, in Norton-folgate, in the street, and told him the charge—he struggled to get away, but could not—I examined the premises at the back of Albemarle-street—there is a privy in the yard, about six feet and a half high, the ledge of the area and the window-sill form a complete ladder to get on to it—a man could then get into the adjoining house and get away without any difficulty, (Upon the plate being tied up in the handkerchief and placed in the hat it filled it, so that it would be impossible for the hat to go on.





GUILTY
of Receiving,
 Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

