




229. 




DANIEL WATSON
 and 



THOMAS NEARY
, were indicted for

 a burglary in the house of 




Thomas Parkhouse, and stealing 20 pence, 74 half-pence, and 31 farthings; his moneys.






THOMAS HILL
 (policeman, D 135). On the morning of 9th Jan. I was on duty in Chapel-street, Edware-road, about 6 o'clock—I saw the prisoners walking very fast—I asked them where they were going—Watson said they were going home—I asked where they had been—they said, to a coffee-shop—I asked what they had about them—they said they bad nothing—I asked Watson to let me see what he had, and I put my hand to his coat—I found there was money, and I asked him where he got it—he said he worked for it—I said, "That won't do for me"—I took them to the station—when there, Neary said to Watson, "Don't fret; they cannot hang us for this"—I found on Watson twenty-six pence, seventy-four halfpence, and thirty-one farthings, and this shilling (produced); and on Neary, two shillings, a halfpenny, a knife, and a comb—the inspector asked Watson where he got these coppers—he said he played at skittles for it, and won it—it was about 6 o'clock when I took the prisoners—I went on day-duty, and went out just before 6, and I saw the prisoners a very few minutes after I got out—I can positively swear it was not 5 minutes after 6—the prisoners were about twenty yards from Mr. Parkbouse's.





MARIA PARKHOUSE
. I am the wife of Thomas Parkhouse, who keeps dining-rooms, at 29, Chapel-street. On the night of 8th Jan. I saw the house was shut up, and was quite safe when I went to bed, at 12 o'clock—I was not disturbed in the night—I came down about 8 next morning, and found the till had been broken open, and the money was gone—the skylight was open, and a ladder fixed against it—it had no fastening—they had got on the roof, and lifted it back—it had been shut down the night before—I missed a number of pence, halfpence, and farthings, one shilling with a hole in it, and some knives and forks—this is the shilling with the hole in it.





LEWIS PYE
. I live with Mr. Parkhouse. On the morning of 9th Jan. I came down about 20 minutes before 8 o'clock—I found the till had been broken—the persons had got in from the back shop, through a skylight—I found a fork and a key by the till—I saw Watson come into the house about a week before, and look round, and walk out.






JOSEPH LACK
 (policeman, D 156). I was on duty on the night of 8th Jan., in the neighbourhood of Chapel-street—I saw Watson about 12 o'clock, in White Lion-passage—I searched him—he had 2 1/2 d. on him, some silent Iucifer-matehes, and a piece of grease—I asked him what he did with the grease—he said he greased his hair with it.

Watson. You took 2s. 2 1/2 d. from me; you gave me back the 2 1/2 d.; you kept the 2s., and took the lucifers from me. Witness. No, I did not.

Watson's Defence. About half-past 11 o'clock that night I met the constable; he asked what I had about me; I said, "Nothing," and I was going to the public-house; they searched me; I had 2 1/2 d.; I went to where I used to work sometimes; I had a money-box there, that I used to save up all the pence and halfpence that I could get in; after I left the constable, I broke open my money-box, took all the money out, and put it into my pocket; I went to the coffee-shop, and sat there till 4 o'clock in the morning; I came away from there, and went into Old Church-street; I sat there till 5, and about an hour afterwards I met the other constable; he asked me where I was going; I said I was going home; he said I must go to the station; he asked me where I got the money; I told him I got some of it by playing at skittles, and some I worked for, and I saved them all up together.
(Watson was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOSERH BROWN
 (policeman, D 299). I produce a certificate of Watson's former conviction, at this Court—(read—Convicted, May, 1850, having been before convicted; confined fifteen months)—I was present—he is the person.

WATSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


NEARY—


NOT GUILTY
.
