



998. 




WILLIAM HUBBERFIELD



, stealing 1 watch, chain, and key, value 24l. 15s.; the goods of 




John Donald George Higgon: having been before convicted.—2nd COUNT, for receiving.






JOHN DONALD GEORGE HIGGON
. I am a lieutenant in the Royal Artillery, at Woolwich. On Friday night, 21st March, I was at Captain Standish's room in the Barracks, and had a gold watch and chain in my waistcoat-pocket—I saw them safe at ten minutes to eleven—I left Captain Standish's room a little before twelve o'clock, and at ten minutes past one when I was in another lieutenant's room I felt my watch safe—about eleven the following rooming I missed them—I do not know whether they were safe when I went to bed—I saw the chain again the

following Monday, this is it (produced)—I have not seen the watch-about three on the Saturday morning, I left my room door open while I went to another officer's room.

Prisoner, Q. Was there any female in your company in Captain Standish's room? A. Yes, one—when I left there I went to another lieutenant's room with the female—I was there till between one and two o'clock—the female stayed about that time—she came out from there with me and went across Artillery-square, and returned with me into the same house at my quarters—she went into another gentleman's room about three minutes, while I went to my own room, lighted the candles and came down again—we remained there till about a quarter to three, or three, when she left with me and came with me to my room—she stopped all night; and until half-past one in the afternoon—I saw her from eleven at night till half-past one the next day, excepting the three or four minutes I went up-stairs—she left on the Saturday by herself—she is not a witness—her name is Jessey Shirley—I saw a girl they call Mackintosh—I walked with her 150 yards—I did not see her after ten minutes-past nine—that was inside the square near my quarters.

COURT. Q. When did you go to your own quarters? A. Between two and three o'clock—I went up to light the candles, and took off my coat and waistcoat and went down again—I generally carry my watch in my waistcoat pocket—I do not remember putting it on the table—there is a very small pin prick in the chain, hardly enough to indentify it by.





ANN BROWN
. On Friday evening, 21st March, between one and two o'clock I met the prisoner in Beresford-street, Woolwich—he went home with me, and next morning he asked me to pledge a chain for him which he had, hooked in his coat-button, he told me I was to get 10s. on it—I said, "Is it your own property?" he said, "Yes"—I got 10s. on it at Mr. Moore's—I gave it to him and the ticket—I did not see any watch."





RICHARD CLARK
. I am in Mr. Moore's service. I recollect Brown pledging this gold chain on 22nd March.





WILLIAM GLADWIN
. (policeman, R 122). I took the prisoner, and asked him where he had been on the Friday night, he said he slept in a stable in the barracks—I asked if he slept with a girl on Friday night—he said he did not—I asked if he had given a chain to the female he slept with on the Saturday morning to go and pawn—he said he did not—I took him to Brown, and she said, in his presence, "That is the person who gave me the chain to pawn"—the prisoner said, "I found the chain in Wellington-street"—after he had been examined, he told me that a girl named Mackintosh gave him the chain.





ANN MACKINTOSH
. I know nothing about this business—I did not give the chain to the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Were you in the barracks on the Friday night? A. Yes; Mr. Higgon passed me into the Horse Artillery-square; I did not see him after half-past nine; I was only in his company five minutes.

Prisoner's Defence. Mackintosh gave me the chain, and said, "When you meet me in the street don't speak to me for a fortnight or three weeks."





JOHN PORTSMOUTH
 (policeman, B 173). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted Aug. 1850, of stealing a watch from the person; confined six months)—I was present—he is the person.




GUILTY

on Second Count. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

