




1734. 



CATHERINE LEE
 and 




SARAH HAWKINS



, stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 chain, and 1 key, 1s. 4d.; the property of 



Samuel Richardson, from his person: to which Hawkins pleaded





GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. RTLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






MICHAEL HATDON
 (City-police constable, 21). I and Brett were on duty on London-bridge, on 24th Sept., at twenty minutes before twelve o'clock at night—I saw the prisoners together, coming from Southwark towards the City—I saw the prosecutor going in the same direction—Lee went and laid bold of his arm—she walked a short distance with him, and sat down with him in a recess, where they remained about five minutes, Hawkins passing and repassing three times while they were there—Lee and the prosecutor then went down the steps into Thames-street, followed at a short distance by Hawkins—they turned up Pudding-lane, Hawkins remaining at the corner, peeping round—in about five minutes she joined Lee and the prosecutor—they all three walked up the lane—I placed myself in a situation to hear their voices, but I could not see them—in about five minutes I saw the two prisoners walking rather quickly up Pudding-lane towards Eastcheap—the prosecutor was walking in the same direction—I spoke to him, and in consequence of what he said I followed the prisoners, who had gone from Pudding-lane to East-cheap—I saw a woman's dress getting in a cab opposite the White Bear, near Cannon-street; it turned out to be the dress of one of the prisoners—I went towards it—the prosecutor followed to the cab—I opened the door and saw the two prisoners inside—I got in the cab and told them I was an officer, and I would trouble them for the watch they had robbed that gentleman of just now—they both denied any knowledge of the watch, repeatedly saying that they had not seen his watch, had not got his watch, and knew nothing of it—I took them to the station, and on the road I observed Hawkins moving backwards and forwards, twisting herself about, and placing her hands at the lower part of the front of her person—she seemed very uneasy—I held her hands, and took her to the station—the cab man said there in presence of the prison-ers that they both jumped into his cab, and desired him to drive on without telling him where to drive to—in consequence of suspicion I had from Hawkins's manner in the cab, I requested the inspector to have a person to watch

the prisoners during the night—the next morning I received this watch from Dr. Child.





JAMES BRETT
 (City police-constable, 13). I was on duty with Haydon, on the night of 24th Sept.—I saw the two prisoners together—I have heard what he has stated—I have nothing to add to it.





SAMUEL RICHARDSON
. On the night of 24th Sept. I was on London-bridge, about half-past eleven o'clock—I had a watch, and a chain and key attached to it—the watch was in my trowsers pocket, and the guard-chain round ray neck—I saw Lee about the centre of the bridge—she crossed the road and accosted me, and asked me to treat her—she walked by my side for some distance—we sat down in a recess, then proceeded down the steps and up Pudding-lane—I suppose she was in my company a quarter of an hour—I did not observe Hawkins till she joined us in Pudding-lane—after the prisoner left me the officer spoke to me—I was not aware of my loss till then—I then missed my watch—the prisoners had gone up Pudding-lane—I did not observe which way they had turned—the officers went in the same direction; I followed them—we made for the cab, and I saw the two prisoners in it—this is my watch.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. It was Lee spoke to you? A. Yes, and she was the one I sat down with for about two minutes—I sat down by her—my watch was in my trowsers pocket—she had not her hand in my trowsers pocket that I know of—Hawkins came near to me—I will not say whether she touched me—yes she did touch me; it might be about the vest; I cannot tell exactly—she had not her hand round my waist—I cannot say whether she might have taken out the watch, I think not—Hawkins was not so much with me as Lee was—I am not able to say that Hawkins did not take my watch from my pocket—my trowsers pocket was unbuttoned before they joined me—I never button the pockets.

COURT. Q. In which pocket was your watch? A. The left—when Hawkins came up to me in Pudding-lane she was on neither side; she confronted me—she stopped before me some time—we passed a little conversation.





MARY ANN CROSS
. I am searcher at the Bow-lane station—the two prisoners were brought there on the night of 24th Sept.—I searched them, but found nothing.





GEORGE BORLASE CHILDS
. I am surgeon to the City police—I was sent for to the Mansion-house—I found this watch on Hawkins.

LEE—


NOT GUILTY
.
