



1921. 




WILLIAM DUBOIS



, stealing 1 watch, chain, seal, and key, value 1l. 6s. 2d.; the goods of 



Henry Aquilla Ball, from his person.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LOCKE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY AQUILLA BALL
. I am a maltster, and am now living at 4, Bell-lane, Spitalfields. On Thursday, 23rd Oct., about 1 o'clock, I was in Good-man's-rents, Minories; and a person who was afterwards with the prisoner, but who is not in custody, came up to me, and asked me whether I wanted to buy any tobacco—I told him I did not, and he asked me to buy a watch—I consented to go and see it, and he went with me to Mrs. Abrahams, at the Golden Lion, in Goodman's-yard—while I was there with him, the prisoner came in—I am quite sure he is the man—he asked the other man whether he had shown me the watch—he said yes, and the prisoner took the watch from him, and said to me, "Look here; you can have this watch for 2l. or 3l., and it cost 6l. "—I took it out of his hand, looked at it, and thought it might be stolen property—I wanted to get away from them, so I pulled out my watch to show them I had one, and did not want it—the prisoner said, "D—n it, old fellow! let us have a bargain; buy something of us," and he pulled out a chain—I told him I did not want a chain or anything else—he then palled out some handkerchiefs and shawls—I told him I did not want them, and he asked me to advance him 16s. on the chain—I told him I did not want to part with my watch, or to buy anything—he said he had been on board ship, and his master was a black man, and he had some tobacco wrapped round his loins—he said he lived at this Golden Lion—he wanted me to give him my watch and something else for his chain, or to give my watch for the watch he had—I refused all his offers, and he said that he lodged there, and he would go up-stairs and fetch another watch, I believe it was—as he passed the corner of the table to go out he snatched my watch out of my hand and threw the chain on the table, saying that would make satisfaction—he went out of the room, and I did not see him again till he was in Newgate—I was going to follow him, but the other man pulled me back to show me the quality of the chain, and told me that Dubois gave a doubloon for it—he then said he would go up after his mate, and I never saw him again—I went out in search of a constable—I identified the prisoner in Newgate last Monday—I was in his company ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I have doubt he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. Has not the policeman told you to say so? A. No; I have just come from the country—this happened about 1 o'clock, or a little after, yesterday week, and I did not go before the Magistrate till Tuesday—I did not state in Newgate when I went to recognise him that another person was the man who took my watch—there was another man who I said I thought was the man; but directly the prisoner was brought I out, I said, "That is the man"—I picked him out from a dozen or more—I did not see him brought in—I was talking to three or four policemen—the

policemen did not tell me this was the man—they were ordered to pall their hats and caps off—the first time I went in they had them on—when the prisoner committed the robbery, he had a shiny glazed hat on—that was not put on him before I recognised him.

MR. LOCKE. Q. What had the man on who you first took for the prisoner? A. A hat; when that was off, I saw he was not the man—I am quite sure the prisoner is the man.





MARY ANN ABRAHAMS
. I am the wife of Henry Abrahams, who keeps the Golden Lion, Good man's-yard, Minories. On 23rd Oct., between 1 and 2 o'clock, in consequence of the parlour-bell ringing, I went there, and found the prisoner, prosecutor, and another man—I had seen the prisoner before, about 11 the same day, when I served him and another man with a pint of beer at the bar—the other man took up the newspaper, and the prisoner took a silver watch out of a bag the size of the watch, shook it, and put it to his ear—they stayed in front of the bar about ten minutes, and I had a good opportunity of seeing the prisoner's face—the very moment I went into the room, between 1 and 2, I recognized him—they then called for a pint of beer, for which the prosecutor gave me a 4d.-piece—I afterwards heard some one go out, but did not see who it was—the prosecutor then came out, and made a complaint to me about the two men—he said the stout man had taken his watch, and I then found that the prisoner was gone—he has never lodged in my house, but I think I have seen him in and out several times.

Cross-examined. Q. You are very positive about this matter? A. Yes. I did not turn my servant Jane away because she was not so positive, her time was up, I had given her warning before—I cannot tell when the prisoner was last there before—I am positive this happened on a Thursday, but did not notice whether it was 20th, 23rd, or 24th—I was first called on to speak about this on Tuesday, at the Mansion-house—I cannot say who was at our house yesterday, because I was out all day, and Wednesday too, and on Tuesday I was at the Mansion-house—I have not told the policemen a good deal about this matter.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Are you sure it was Thursday when this happened? A. Yes, the Thursday before yesterday—we do not have a watch stolen at oar house every day, so I do not remember the others.





JOHN CHARLES OTTERWAY
 (City-policeman, 527). I have known the prisoner for the last five or six months. Yesterday week, about twenty-five minutes-past 12 o'clock, I was in the Minories, and saw the prisoner there, at Sparrow-corner, which is 150 yards from this public-house—he was at a clothier's door—I took particular notice of him—my attention was drawn to him—I have often spoken to him before, but did not then—I know him very well.

Cross-examined. Q. What morning was it? A. Thursday morning week—I was at the police-court, but was not examined—I first stated this yesterday to Mr. Pearson's clerk—I knew the prisoner had been taken on the same morning that he was taken, but the inspector said my evidence was not necessary till yesterday—I know the prisoner too well to be mistaken about his being the man.





JOHN CULLICOT
 (City-policeman, 597). In consequence of information, and a description from the prosecutor, I took the prisoner into custody on Friday 24th, coming from Sparrow Tavern, Minories. I took him to the Golden Lion, and said to the landlady, "Is this the man that was with the countryman?"—she said be was—the prisoner said he had not seen a countryman—I have known the prisoner about the Minories for eight or nine months,

and have frequently seen him about with goods, stopping parties in the street—I cannot be mistaken about him.

MR. COOPER
called.






HENRY POLDEN
. I keep the Goldsmith's Arms, Bedfordbury. On 23rd Oct., last Thursday week, the prisoner came to my house at about half-past 11 o'clock in the morning, with Bromley and Ponsey—the prisoner fetched some meat and potatoes for his dinner, from a shop next door, and I cooked some chops for the others—I had cooked for them before—they all stayed from half-past 11, or from between that and 12, till 6 in the evening, except going out for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, for the calls of nature.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND. Q. Where is Bedfordbury? A. Near Covent-garden; nearly three miles from the Minories—I swear it is more than two miles and a half—I do not know the prisoner's occupation—he is in the habit of coming in frequently to have a pint of beer or his dinner, in the tap-room—they did not all three dine together—the prisoner had his first—they stayed till 6 o'clock in the evening, drinking, talking, and smoking their pipes—they had two or three pots of beer—they did not leave for more than ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; but I did not take particular notice—I think I can swear the prisoner did not leave the house for an hour—I had no reason for watching him—I know he was not out for ten minutes before he had his dinner, which was about half-past 1—I looked at the clock when he came in—I did not look at it when he had his dinner—I say it was about half-past 1—I think I was first informed of this affair on Monday—I do not know exactly what day it was, I think it was Monday—Bromley came to me, and told me this poor man was taken up for stealing a watch, which he said was a very hard case for one man to suffer for another, for he was confident he was not the man; and he asked me to come up and say he was at my house on the Thursday, the 35th—I told him if I could do the man any good I would come—I was to state he was at my house on Thursday, 23rd Oct—I cannot say how often he has been in my house during the five or six months I have known him—sometimes he comes in five or six times a week—the prisoner was at my house on the day before the 23rd also, and went away again directly—I cannot recollect when he was there before that; but he has been many times.

MR. COOPER. Q. You recollect this day, because your attention was called to it? A. Yes; I swear he was there on the Thursday. JOHN BROMLEY. I am a traveller, and have been lodging for a month at the Nottingham Castle, Fore-street. On Thursday-week morning I left home about 10 o'clock, and met the prisoner at a clothes-shop at the bottom of the Minories—in consequence of something that passed there, I agreed to meet him at the Goldsmith's Arms—I got there a few minutes before 12, and found the prisoner waiting for me—I brought in two mutton-chops for myself and Ponsey, and gave them to the landlord to cook—it was then near 1—I saw the clock—the prisoner went out to a cook's-shop next door but one, and brought in some potatoes and beef—he had his dinner first, and I commenced mine at about half-past 1—the prisoner was still there, and remained there till 4 minutes-past 6—I know that was the time, because I had a Spanish gold-piece, and went to the bar to ask the landlord what it was worth; I then looked at the clock, and it was 4 minutes-past 6.

Cross-examined by
MR. LOCKE. Q. Then the prisoner was in the Minories on the Thursday? A. Yes, at 11 o'clock—I did not look at the clock then, but I had started from home at 10, and walked to the Minories—I went on business to a public-house in Queen-street, where I took the prisoner with me—I deal in all kinds of silk—I did not deal in any silk at this public-house—I

supply these men with different articles, silks and shawls—I have nothing to do with tobacco, I have no license for it—I sometimes take a turn at the trade, selling silks myself—it is seldom I sell in the streets—I never sold anything in the streets; I said seldom, because I did not understand what you meant—I go hawking from town to town—I have not been in London for eighteen months; I have been in the Isle of Wight, and about there—I have no license now, and I supply these men with goods—I get the goods from different warehouses, some from Manchester—I have known the prisoner three years—I have lost sight of him because I have been away—I do not recollect whether I knew him last February; I do not recollect last February—in March I was in Portsmouth—I came to town last Monday five weeks, to see the Exhibition—I was not in town in February—I do not know whether I was in March or April—I will not swear I was not—I will not swear to anything unless I am positive—I went to Portsmouth eighteen months ago, and came back five weeks ago—I did come to London once in the interval, when I was ill for a fortnight—I have only been in London once since, when a friend sent for me on business—the business was dealing in clothes—I do not deal in waistcoats or waistcoat-pieces—I do supply these men with waistcoat-pieces—I do not recollect supplying the prisoner with a waistcoat-piece in February, but I have supplied him with goods continually—I cannot pretend to remember all my transactions—I know the prisoner was in trouble for two months, about last February—I believe that was for telling some waistcoat-pieces—I did not inquire whether they were waistcoat-pieces which I had sold him; it was not a very agreeable subject to talk about—I do not know that he was in gaol—I have been told so by others, and I lost sight of him for some months—I have never been in gaol myself—I was summoned once for striking the landlord, for which I paid 5l.—that is the only trouble I have been in—I never deal in gold-chains, or things of that sort, or the prisoner either—the prisoner is a duffer—on Thursday morning, when I met him in the Minories, he had a shawl or two and some handkerchiefs to sell, and a piece of waistcoating, I think—it was not a piece of what duffers call Genoa velvet, it was satin—he did not show me a watch; I never saw him with one—he is not one of the class who deal in watches—I never supplied him with a watch, chain, or any velvet—we had a pint or two to drink—we did not have any brandy-and-water—I do not recollect what we had after 2—I may have had a drop of gin—I do not recollect that we all had gin—we had some gin at 6, on leaving—I will not swear we did not all have gin after 2—I heard on Friday that this transaction had occurred, and that the two men were out of the way—the prisoner went to work where it had occurred on the same Friday—I did not, on that account, conclude that he had dined with me on the Thursday—I have dined with him a score of times, more than ten times at that house—Ponsey is a stranger to me; he came to see the Exhibition, and has remained here since—he knows the prisoner—you can call Ponsey a duffer if you like; he is one of the men I sell to—he does not sell things about the streets, but in houses—he is just the same as the prisoner, as regards his business.

MR. COOPER. Q. You do not keep a shop, but go about with a pack on your back? A. Yes; I have had five licenses—to get a license I am obliged to get a character from a clergyman.





HENRY PONSEY
. I am a traveller, or a walking shop. On Thursday, 23rd Oct., I was at the Goldsmith's Arms—the prisoner and last witness were there—I got there about 12 o'clock, and found the prisoner there—I dined off mutton-chops with Bromley, and we had a pint or two to drink

afterwards, and a pipe or two—the prisoner went to the cook's-shop, brought in his dinner, and dined by himself.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND. Q. What time did you leave? A. About 2 o'clock all of us—I and the prisoner went towards Trafalgar-square—we parted with Bromley at the public-house door—I do not know where he went to—I was with the prisoner up and down the Strand all the rest of the afternoon. The Jury here stated that they had made up their minds, and found the prisoner





GUILTY
. Aged 37.

LOVELL (City-policeman, 585), stated that the prisoner was tried and convicted in February in this Court, and sentenced to Two Months' imprisonment.





Transported for Seven Years.

