



363. 




DUNCAN M'CARTHY



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



James Clark, with intent to maim and disable him.






JAMES CLARK
. On 10th Dec, at two o'clock in the morning, I was at an eating-house in Great Earl-street—I reside there. I was sitting at the bar speaking to Miss Dowling, the landlord's daughter—the prisoner rushed into the house—he said he had lost his hat and boots in a public-house in the neighbourhood—he used most infamous language—f remonstrated

with him, and told him he should not use such language in the presence of a female—he attempted to go inside the bar; I would not allow him—he then went towards the tap-room—I followed him, and told him it was locked, to induce him to go away—he went in, then came out, and came to the bar again—I resumed my seat at the fire—he began again using the most indecent language—I told him if he did not leave it off, I should be obliged to put him out—he continued the language, and I opened the door and put him out—he pulled down the shutters, and commenced brandishing something in his hand—I was then inside the bar looking out—I did not do anything to him then—Connor went out and pulled up the shutters; the prisoner pulled them down a second time—I went to the door to request him to go away; he was then kicking at the door—I had not done anything to him—he then rushed at me, and made a blow at my chest—he then threw himself down and butted me in the abdomen—he laid hold of my left leg with his hand, and struck me with a knife in my left thigh; the blood gushed out—I went in, and then went to the hospital and had the wound dressed—I then went back to the beer-shop and saw the knife—I was laid up for three weeks, and could not leave my bed—it is not yet nearly recovered.

Prisoner. I was drunk, and don't know anything about it. Witness. I believe he was not sober, but he knew what he was doing.





PATRICK CONNOR
. I live at the same house with Mr. Clark, and was in front of the bar—Mr. Clark and the landlord's daughter were inside—I saw the prisoner come in, I knew him before—he began some bad language, rather disgusting before any female—he then went to go into the tap-room, and Mr. Clark told him he could not go in, it was very late—he got very rusty then, and wanted to jump over the bar—Mr. Clark; put him outside; he pulled down the shutters—I went and put them up, and he pulled them down a second time, and kicked at the door—Mr. Clark went out, and as soon as he got out he sung out, "I am stabbed!"—I ran to his assistance, and the prisoner struck me in the mouth—I and the policeman secured him—Mr. Clark had a cut in his thigh; the blood was streaming till we got to the hospital—the prisoner cut me in the mouth—I saw a knife in his hand.





CATHARINE DOWLINO
. I am daughter of the landlord of the beer-house—I was present on the morning of 10th Dec.—Mr. Clark and Connor were there—the prisoner came in—he said he had been in a public-house and lost his bat and boots—be wanted to go into the tap-room; Mr. Clark and Connor followed to fetch him out—he did not come for a few. minutes, and then he came out and said he would sit by the bar lire—we told him no such thing was allowed—he used bad language, and Mr. Clark put him out—he pulled the shutters down; they were put up again, and he pulled them down a second time, and kicked the door—Mr. Clark went out, and I followed him—I saw the prisoner strike him—the prisoner then fell on his knees, seized Mr. Clark's leg, and struck him with the knife—he was going to strike him again, and Connor ran, and he struck him—another person was there, who had been standing at the counter, and he said, "None of that, Jink; put that away;" and then he called out that he had got a knife—I saw that the prisoner had got something in his hand. Prisoner. You were inside the bar, you could not see. Witness. No

—Mr. Clark ran out—I ran with him to the door—I was standing close against the door.





JOSEPH GENTRY
 (policeman, F 150). The prisoner was given into my custody—he was the worse hr liquor, but not very drunk—he was lying on his back. in the street—a man was holding him down—when he was raised up, this knife was lying under him on the ground—he was charged with this; he said he did not do it.





WILLIAM LUXTON
. I am house-surgeon of King's College Hospital. Mr. Clark was brought there about half-past two o'clock that morning—he had been stabbed in the upper part of the left thigh—it was a serious wound, not a dangerous one—it would lay him up for some time, but not permanently injure him—it was evidently a stab—I probed it, it was about three inches and a half deep—such a knife as this would do it.


Prisoner's Defence. Me and my comrade went to the play; I drank a great deal, and fell asleep; a pair of boots was taken off my feet, and my hat off my head, and a handkerchief; when I awoke, after wandering about, I went into that house, thinking my hat and shoes were there; they would not let me go in, and that is all 1 recollect; I have a wife and family; I never did such a thing in the world; I have a wound in my head. (Mr. Luxton examined the prisoner's head, and stated that it was only a scalp wound.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

