





621. 




JOHN FENN,


 MARY ANN TAYLOR
, and 



HENRY FARLEY



, burglary in the dwelling house of 



William Hammond, and stealing 3 coats, 1 umbrella, and other articles, value 25l.; Fenn having been before convicted: to which


FENN



PLEADED GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


MR. CARTER
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL RISELY
. I am butler to Mr. William Hammond, he lives at No. 3, Russell-square. On the night of 19th May, I went to bed about 12 o'clock—before I went to bed I left the house secure—the door was locked and barred—the footman and I went to bed at the same time—I was awoke by the loud ringing of the street door bell soon after 3 o'clock; I went and found two policemen in the hall—from what they said I examined the house—I found two coats in the dining room which had been left in the hall the night before—I went to Mr. Hammond's dressing room, and found his trowsers and waistcoat had been taken from a chair, and two handkerchiefs, and in one handkerchief was a stiffener, and there was a cap gone which I did not then miss, but it was found at Bow-street—the bottom sash of the dining room window was thrown up as high as it would go, and the shutters were open—that afforded means of access from the back garden—the other window in the dining room was open, but the shutters were not open—the window that was open is about one foot from the leads, so that any person could get down and walk without difficulty—a pack of cards was missing, two pairs of spectacles, and a gold eye glass and two knives—I should think the amount of the loss altogether was about 25l.—three coats

were missing from the hall, and the gloves were in the pockets—a hat was missing from the hall, and an umbrella which has been shown me—I have seen some of the articles.





BENJAMIN WEEKS
 (policeman, E 100). I was on duty on that morning in Russell-square—I had examined all the doors along the square, and found them all secure at 12 o'clock; and about half past 2 o'clock I found the street door of the prosecutor's open—I called in the sergeant, rang the bell, and the last witness came—the street door had been opened from within.

COURT
to
SAMUEL RISELY. Q. Had the window which you found open been shut? A. Yes, it was shut down, but the bolt was out of repair.





JOHN WILLIAM WOOD
. I live with my father, who is a Chelsea prisoner, at No. 2, Fountain-court, Strand—my father has a house, No. 39, King-street, Drury-lane—Mrs. Wood let the prisoner Taylor the first floor back room in that house, at 2s. a week.





MARY WOOD
. I lire at No. 39, King-street, Drury-lane—I let the first floor back room in that house to Taylor's mother—her mother and her lived in the same room—I was present when the police searched that room.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOYLE. Q. The mother took the room A. Yes, her daughter sent her to take it—the mother was my tenant—the prisoner Taylor paid me the rent one week—there had been only one week paid.





MARGARET HAMILTON
. I live with my daughter, the prisoner Taylor, at No. 39, King-street, Drury-lane—a child six years old lived there besides, and Emma Gray lodged with my daughter, and Jack (Fenn) lived there—Jack was there in the evening before I was taken—he went out between 9 and 10 o'clock—he had his blue cap on—it was on Monday night—he had a long frock coat on—he came back again about 3 o'clock with a hat on his head and an umbrella in his hand—he had a little bag in his hand, I could not swear what was in it—he took off his own coat, which was a long frock coat, and took off two more coats—he did not take an umbrella out, but he brought one with him when he came in—after he had come in and uncased himself, he remained in the room, but went out about 8 o'clock, and he came back in a short time with Farley—it was after 8 o'clock—I had the kettle on—my daughter went out after the breakfast things—Fenn took up the two coats, and Farley looked at them—there was a large box there belonging to my daughter—Fenn folded the coats and laid them in the box—I did not see anything else in the box—Fenn persuaded my daughter to take these coats out—she said she did not wish to take them, and he said "Let your mother take them, they are all right, I would not deceive you"—she said, "Take them yourself; I will not have any hand in it"—he then said to me, "Take them; I will give you a shilling; they ore all light"—he said, "Take them down Broker's-alley; I will meet you there and take them"—I took them down Broker's-alley, and looked to see if he was coming—I saw him and Farley—I was on the side of the brewery, and they both put out their hands and beckoned me to come across tin road—the policeman can swear to that—my daughter paid the first week's rent of the room—the box and other things in the room were my daughter's—one small red box was mine—Fenn put the umbrella near the bed—Farley sat on a small box by the aide—Fenn sat near the bed, and he—took the umbrella, and with a knife, he cut out from the handle of the umbrella something which looked like silver.





WALTER HOLMES
 (police sergeant, F 50). On the morning of 20th May,

I was passing down Hanover-street, which is in a line with Endell-street, in plain clothes—Broker's-alley runs into Castle-street—it is about 100 yards from King-street, Drury-lane—I saw Fenn and Farley come out of Castle-street into Endell-street—they stood still, and then turned round and beckoned for some one to come along—I saw the last witness come down from Broker's-alley to Castle-street—she was on the opposite side to the two men, and they both beckoned for her to keep straight on—the two men then caught sight of me, and they walked down Endell-street, the reverse way to what the last witness went—I followed the last witness, and asked what she had got, and I found it was two coats wrapped in white calico, in her apron—I was bringing her to the station, and I met the prisoner Taylor—she was coming very fast, and she seemed surprised, and threw herself back when she caught sight of me with her mother—she went back towards Endell-street, where I saw Fenn and Farley peeping round the corner—they all three started off when they saw me going towards them, and went away—I took the last witness to the station—she said she lived with her daughter, at No. 39, King-street, Drury-lane—I went to the room, which was the first floor back room—I found there a good many things—this pack of cards, some postage stamps, and this umbrella—we waited there about three hours, but no one came—we brought away these three boxes, I believe they were all locked; I am confident two of them were—the boxes were opened at the station, but I was not there—I apprehended Taylor on 4th June at Worship-street—Fenn was there on another charge, and Taylor was amongst the people—I told her I wanted her for being concerned with others in a burglary in Russell-square—she said she knew nothing about it—Farley I apprehended on the 6th June, at his lodging, No. 41, King-street, Drury-lane—I told him I wanted him for being concerned with others in a burglary in Russell-square—he said, "Well, if you want me, you must have me, but I know nothing about it"—I was taking Farley and Taylor in a cab to Worship-street, with the last witness, and Taylor said, "The old woman is innocent of what she is taken for; I sent her with the things, because I was afraid to go myself."

Cross-examined. Q. When you saw Taylor, was it in Endell-street? A. It was in Castle-street, which is a continuation of Endell-street—I had her mother in custody—I was in plain clothes—when I took Taylor in custody, she was not listening to the case—she was not in the Court—she was sitting in another room with two other females—she said she knew nothing about the burglary, and when we were in the cab, she said the old woman was innocent—she said she had sent the old woman because she was afraid to take them herself—she did not say she was afraid they were not all right—I believe she used the exact words to which I now swear.

COURT. Q. Were not the words "I gave her the coats to take care of?" A. No—this is my signature to this deposition (looking at it)—it is down here, "I gave them to her to take care of, because I was afraid to take them out, "but the words were the same as I said before—what is down here must be a mistake by the clerk in the way he put it down.

MR. DOYLE. Q. The old woman was in the cab all this while, and heard what was said? A. Yes.

MR. CARTER. Q. You waited some hours at the room, and no one came? A. Yes, and I have been there nearly every day since.





WILLIAM FRANKLIN
 (policeman, F 72). I went on 20th May, a little after 1 o'clock in the afternoon, to No. 39, King-street, Drury-lane—in a room on the first-floor back, we found several things, and we brought away

three boxes, which were locked—we took them to the station—one was red—one dark brown—I think the other was not painted at all—two of them were opened at the station with keys—the other was broken open—in them we found several things—a great many were left in the boxes—amongst them was this hat, these gloves, and this cap—the principal of these things were in the largest box—in one box there was nothing at all relating to this case—that box was given up to Emma Gray—these articles (produced) were found in the other two boxes—the principal were in the largest box—this that, and gloves, and cap, and handkerchief were in the small box.

Cross-examined. Q. Which of these things were identified as belonging to Mr. Hammond? A. All but this cap—there was a child in the room when we went—she went out, and we lost sight of her.





EMMA GRAY
. I lodged at No. 39, King-street, Drury-lane, in the first floor back room, with Mary Ann Taylor and her mother and the child—I had left them two days before this—Farley used to come up when we lodged on the second floor; before we lodged on the first floor—when we moved down to the first floor Fenn used to come—Fenn had come once to the second floor-room on Whit Sunday—Fenn came three times to the lower room—there were three boxes in the room; one belonged to me, one to Mary Ann Taylor and the small box to her mother—I have seen them open the boxes while I was living with them—they had a bunch of keys—after the boxes were taken away, I claimed one of them as mine—it has been delivered up to me.

Farley. Q. Did you ever see me bring anything into the room? A. No.





SAMUEL RISEBY

re-examined. These two coats are Mr. Hammond's—they were safe in the hall on the night of the 19th—this umbrella is his, but there was a silver ferrule on it, and a crest—I have every reason to believe it is his, it was this size and this shape, and it was worn about as much as this is—this hat I can swear to by a mark made inside the lining to know it from another—these gloves are exactly the same kind as Mr. Hammond wears—these cards have marks on the backs of one or two of them, these are them; they are like stains of coffee or tea—this cap is Mr. Hammond's—this handkerchief I know by the colour—on this coat here are the remains of a mark that was on it.





WILLIAM FRANKLIN

re-examined. The hat was found in the largest box.





MARGARET HAMILTON

re-examined. When Fenn came back he had got a hat on—he laid the hat down, and when he came to Broker's-alley he had a cap on.

Farley. Q. Were you not in bed when I came up with this man? A. Yes, I got up when you came, and dressed myself—there was a fire alight—Mary Ann went out for the breakfast things while I was dressing myself.

TAYLOR and FARLEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
