




1009. 



JAMES WILLIAMS
 and 



WILLIAM JAMES GARNON
,


breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



William Rowlett, and stealing therein 1 watch, and other articles, value 20l.; his goods: to which



WILLIAMS



PLEADED GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


MR. ORRIDGE. conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE ELIJAH ROWLETT
. I live with my father, in Glebe-cottage, Kingsland-road. On Monday, 27th Oct., my brother asked for the key of his house, and I went across the road—it was between half past 5 and 6 o'clock—I went across the road, and in going I saw Garnon standing at the end of my father's gate; that is about twenty yards from my brother's house, and I saw there was a light in my brother's house—I had not got the key the first time—I went back and got the key, and when I returned Garnon was standing there then—I saw a light in my brother's bedroom—I opened the door, and saw Williams on the stairs—I said, "What do you do here!"—he threw me down, and knocked me on the head with a crowbar—I got my clothes torn all to pieces—I was very much injured, and have been under the doctor's hands ever since—after Williams knocked me down became insensible—I know that Garnon had a cap on.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. You never saw Garnon before! A. Never—I passed him twice—I saw him the next day outside the police court—there were a great many people there—I pointed him out outside I the police court—I came there in a cab—my head was bound up.





CORNELIUS DESMOND
. (police sergeant, N 7). I took up a crowbar which was seen to be thrown away by Williams—I saw Garnon outside the police court—when he was taken, he said, "I was not there; I am innocent;" and again he denied it inside the court.

Cross-examined. Q. What did the prosecutor say? A. He pointed to him, and said, "That is the man I saw outside the door"—he was within a yard of him at the time—he had come in a cab, and I came in another cab with the prisoner Williams.





WILLIAM PETERS
. I live near Kingsland-road. I know Mr. Rowlett's yard—it is next to mine—on last Monday evening I left work at half put 5 o'clock—when I left off work I saw two men in the yard—my master authorised me, if I saw any strange men in the yard, to turn them out; so, I went, and spoke to Williams, who was one of the men, and asked him what he did there—he said, "I have lost a little Spaniel dog"—I said, "You have no business here"—I then went and spoke to the other man, who was leaning against another wall, twenty or thirty yards off, who I believe was Garnon; I will not swear to it, but I could as nearly as could be; I never saw two peas more alike—I asked both him and Williams if I should hear anything about the dog, who I should let know—they both said they were going to the Swan public house—they went out of the yard, as near as I can say, together.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you first see Garnon after that? A. I saw him at the police court—he was in the dock—he was not pointed out to me—I was taken two days afterwards to the police court to recognize some one—I saw him at Worship-street—he stood in front of the bar, before some gentleman—it was last Monday night that I saw the two men leaning against the wall.

MR. ORRIDGE. Q. Did you point out Garnon at the police court? A. Yes—I said I never saw a man nearer like the man in my life.

MR. ROBINSON. called






WILLIAM TURNER
. I lodge with the prisoner Garnon, at No. 1, Helmet-court, London-wall; I am a waiter. Last Monday evening I came home at

6 o'clock—Garnon was there at that time, and his wife—that is about two miles from Kingsland-road—I was with him till half past 8 o'clock—I went out with him the next morning—I did not go with him to a place in Bishopsgate—I waited at the corner of Devonshire-street—we went then to the Curtain-road—I went after a situation—in coming from there we walked round to Worship-street, and we stood outside the court, I dare say, an hour, and a person came and recognized him—I heard a young man speak about this case that was coming on—he said he was waiting to hear the case—we listened to that conversation—we were waiting to see if we could get in to hear the trial—I was present when Garnon was pointed out by the prosecutor—he was taken into custody—he was kept in custody that day—he was bailed out on Wednesday, and has surrendered here this morning—I have known him about eighteen months—he was always a respectable man, hard-working and honest.

Cross-examined by
MR. ORRIDGE. Q. Have you lodged with him all that time? A. I have lodged with his mother and his wife's mother about ten years, when I have been out of a situation—he went to his work on Monday—I saw him about 6 o'clock in the evening, when I came home to have my tea—they had done tea when I came home—they generally have tea about 5 o'clock, but I was not at home—there is a clock in the room—I did not particularly notice the time when I came in, but I know it was as near 6 o'clock as could be—I know by where I had been—I had been in the City—I had been in Barbican about 10 minutes before 6 o'clock; I was not doing anything, I was coming home—I guessed it was 10 minutes to 6 o'clock by the time I got home—my friend was committed for trial; they would not allow me to go in—on the morning I went to the police court, I had been to Bishopsgate-street, and to the Curtain-road—we went down Old-street, and I called in the Curtain-road—Garnon went on forward while I went in—I did not succeed in getting a situation—I spoke to a man, named Ward, outside the police station—I did not know him at all, but Mr. Garnon did, I believe—we were not talking above fire minutes about this case before the cab came up—we had been waiting there about an hour—I have no further knowledge about it being 6 o'clock when I got home, but I think it was.





MARIA GARNON
. I am sixteen years old—I am the prisoner's sister. I recollect on Monday afternoon being in Helmet-court—I saw my brother from 4 o'clock in the afternoon till a quarter to 8 o'clock, he was in the house the whole time.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it from 4 till 8 o'clock that he was there? A. Yes—I was having my tea with him, about 5 o'clock—before tea I was sitting in the house—I do not live with him—I live with my mother in Hoxton Old Town—I went to my brother's lodging, and got there at 4 o'clock—it was exactly 4 o'clock—there is a clock in the room, which stands up against the door, in the corner—I looked at the clock—it was 4 o'clock—I looked at it again at 5 o'clock—I looked again at half-past 5 o'clock—I looked at it when I left—my brother had asked me to come to tea with him on the Saturday—he had been out of work a long time—there were two lodgers at tea, and my sister, my brother, and myself—my brother does not give large tea parties, but there were five that night—I do not know the names of the lodgers—they were not there at 4 o'clock, they came in afterwards—they all sat down to tea at 5 o'clock, I, and my brother and sister, and the two lodgers—the last witness is a lodger there—he came in about 6 o'clock—I was asked on Wednesday morning to come here to-day—this took place on the Monday night.


MR. ROBINSON. Q. You work close to their house? A. Yes—I know perfectly well that when I went on the Monday it was quite light.





ELIZABETH GRINDELL
. I reside in Green Arbour-court, Little. Moorfields, I know the prisoner's family—I have known him fourteen months, he has been married twelve months next Feb.—I was at the house in Helmet-court, last Monday night—I went there at twenty minutes to 6 o'clock—he was there, and his wife and brother and sister, and two of the lodgers, they were taking tea—I am frequently there—the prisoner was in the home it twenty minutes before 6 o'clock—it is his house, and he has the lodgen—I remained till half-past seven o'clock—I left him there with his wife.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Turner and all the others sitting round, taking their tea? A. Yes, taking their tea.





HENRY PACEY
. I am the brother of the prisoner's wife. I am seventeen years old—I lodge in their house—I went in there last Monday at half-past 5 o'clock—my sister and the prisoner, and Kichard Titmarsh and Mr. Condon were there—I am in the habit of getting tea there in the evening; half an hour is allowed me to get my tea—on that evening I was there from half-past 5 till 6 o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Who was there? A. Tidmarsh and Condon, and William Turner—I found him there when I went in.





FREDERICK GARNON
. I am the prisoner's brother. I was at his place last Monday—T went at half-past 5 o'clock and remained till half-part 8 o'clock—he was there during the whole time.

Cross-examined. Q. Who else was there? A. His wife and the lodger—there were five in the room altogether—they were all there at 7 o'clock—Turner came there about 6 o'clock.





RICHARD TIDMARSH
. I work in a wine cellar at Botolph Wharf, Thames-street. I have lodged in Helmet-court for ten years—the prisoner has the house which his wife's mother had before she died—I have known him about nine months—I can give him a very good character—I am not in the habit of taking tea there every evening—I came home that evening about half-past 5 o'clock—the prisoner was there—Turner came just before I went out—I remained till 7 o'clock—I left the prisoner there when I went out.

Cross-examined. Q. Who else was there? A. Condon and his sister-in-law and brother-in-law—that is all, I believe—I was there from half-past 5 till 7 o'clock—Turner was not there when I went in—I do not think I noticed him all the evening.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do you know Grindell? A. Yes—I did not see her there, to my recollection—I will swear that from half-past 5 till 7 o'clock the prisoner was there.
(The prisoner Garnon received a good character.)




NOT GUILTY
.
