





499. 




WILLIAM HENRY KILL,



 JAMES TAMPLIN
, and 




THOMAS GOLDSMITH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



William Pope, and stealing therein 1 drawer, 2 lbs. of pork, and other articles, value 4s. 8d.; his goods.


MR. RIBTON
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN POPE
. I am the wife of William Pope, of Isleworth. On Thursday night, 10th Feb., my husband was from home—I closed up the doors, locked up the house, and went to bed—during the night I heard a noise like the slamming of a shutter next door—I got up about a quarter to 7 o'clock in the morning—I unfastened the stairfoot door, and found the shutter wrenched aside and an inner door open, leading into a little room; the back door was wide open—I ran out of doors, and saw the glass and part of the window frame lying down, and a steel and knife belonging to my husband; the window frame was broken all to pieces, and was taken out, which left a space large enough to admit a man—on searching the house I missed a drawer, containing 5s. worth of farthings and twenty-five slate pencils—the till had been emptied; it had contained 5s. 6d. worth of halfpence the night before, besides farthings; I had taken out the silver—I also missed a bottle of sweets, some Spanish liquorice, and a piece of meat—there was one coin, marked "2 cents;" I saw that on the Thursday afternoon, because I picked some of the farthings from the halfpence, and put them into the till; the two cent piece was put into the bowl in the till in the afternoon—I took a bad farthing of a man that Thursday afternoon; there were two 2's on it, the date of the year, and it was likewise bent—I had also another farthing with three holes in it, also a bent farthing, and there were six farthings all alike—I have known the prisoners ever since I have been at the shop, four yean, and they have all been there.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. They have borne good characters? A. Yes; I do not know anything against them—it was dark when I heard the noise; I went to sleep after that, thinking it was the man next door, who goes out early in the morning.





EDWIN PICKLES
. On Friday, 11th Feb., between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoners at the Painters' Arms public house, Twicken ham, drinking together—I saw Kill pay for a pot of beer with sixteen farthings, which he gave to Mr. Bridgwater, the landlord—Tamplin put his hand in his coat pocket, shook some farthings, and pulled some out—I had never seen the prisoners before, that I know of—Mr. Bridgwater afterwards gave me 1s. 6d. in farthings, which I took to Mrs. Reddy.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A shoemaker; I live at Twickenham-common; I do not know where the prisoners live—I never heard of a farthing club before, but I heard the prisoners mentioning that they had bad a farthing club—I reside, I should say, about two miles from Isleworth have walked there—I never interfere with the Isleworth people; I keep to

myself—I have been at the Painters' Arms before; I do work for the landlord—'the prisoners remained there till about 7 o'clock—there were several more there—this was done quite openly; I was sitting down there—I drank some with them, and I paid for some—several more people were drinking with them.

MR. RIBTON. Q. Did you see anybody else pay with farthings? A. No.





MARY WHITE
. I live at the Painters' Arms, Twickenham. On Friday, 11th Feb., between 1 and 2 o'clock, the prisoners came there, and several others with them—after they had been there some time, Tamplin gave me two or three farthings as a present to my child, and one of the others, I do not know which, gave my child some more farthings, making 4d. altogether—Pickles said he wanted some small change for somebody, and I gave him the farthings—one of the farthings had some holes in it, but neither of the prisoners gave me that—I do not know who gave it me.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there a great number of people? A. Yes, about twenty; they were playing at skittles—I saw a great many of them with farthings, and they said they had been saving up a farthing-club, and they had a dispute and broke up, divided the funds, and spent it—that was the talk of the others as well as the prisoners.

MR. RIBTON. Q. Did you ever hear anything about a farthing-club, except from the prisoners, before that day? A. Yes; last season, about this time, when they began brick making they saved up their farthings—I have not seen the prisoners for two years until the other day.





GEORGE HARRISS
. I live at Twickenham—on Friday, 11th February, I was at the Painters' Arms—I had been to see some men playing at skittles—I saw the prisoners there—I took seven or eight pots of beer into the skittle ground, which the prisoners paid for with halfpence and farthings, which I gave to Mrs. Bridgewater—I received no farthings from anybody else to my recollection—I am a fishmonger.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose in the course of the year you receive a good many farthings? A. Yes; they are commoner in the country than sovereigns





ELIZABETH BRIDGEWATER
. My husband keeps the Painters' Arms, at Twickenham. On 11th Feb. I saw the three prisoners—I took one pot of beer into the skittle-ground, which Tamplin paid for with sixteen farthings, which I put into a tin pot—I received a great many farthings from other people in the skittle-ground that day.

Cross-examined. Q. Whether he paid for himself or for many you do not know, or whether it was an omnium gatherum? A. No.





JOHN BRIDGEWATER
. I am the landlord of the Painters' Arms—on Friday, 11th Feb., I saw the prisoners there—Kill and Tamplin paid me for some beer—sometimes they paid me eight farthings and four halfpence for a pot of beer—I put the farthings in a half-pint pot in the bar.

Cross-examined. Q. You took a good many farthings that day. A. Yes





WILLIAM SIMMONS
. I am potman to Mrs. Middleton, of the Red Lion, Twickenham Common. On 11th Feb., between 6 and 7 in the evening, I saw Kill there—he had three pots of beer, and paid me all in farthings—I took them to my mistress in the bar—after he was gone the other two prisoners came for a night's lodging, and slept there that night.

Cross-examined. Q. They went away next morning? A. Yes; they paid for the beds overnight, with halfpence.





MARY MIDDLETON
. I live at the Red Lion, Twickenham. On 11th Feb. the three prisoners came there, and I was paid in farthings for three pots of beer—I may have had two for three farthings in the till before, but not more.


Cross-examined. Q. You receive many farthings in that part of the country? A. Yes; but we never keep them, for our neighbours require them.





CAROLINE REDDY
. I am a grocer, of Twickenham Common. On Friday 11th Feb., I received from Pickles, who is a customer of mine, 1s., 10d. in farthings—I gave him other money for them, and put them into my till—one of them had three holes in it—this is it (produced)—I have no doubt of it.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever seen collections of farthings kept by children? A. Yes, farthings have frequently boles in them, letters on them, and all kind of mischief that nature can think of.





JAMES WILLIS
. I am potman at the Railway Inn, Hounslow. On Thursday, 10th Feb., I saw the prisoners there—they left about 10 minutes before 12 o'clock—it is about five minutes' walk from there to Han worth-road.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there other people there? A. Yes; they all went out together when my master closed the house.





JOHN SCOTNEY
 (police sergeant, T 18). On Friday, 11th Feb., about 9 o'clock in the morning, I went to Mr. Pope's house—the back part had been broken into—the window-sash had been taken out—I measured the place—it was twenty-two-and-a-half inches by fifteen-and-a-half, large enough to admit a man—I could get through—I traced footmarks across one garden into Mr. Pope's premises, of two people with shoes on, and of one without shoes going, and of three people with shoes returning—on the Saturday morning I apprehended Kill near Twickenham—I searched him, and found on him this small coin (produced) and a tobacco-box—I told him I took him on suspicion of breaking into Mr. Pope's house on the Friday night, and stealing a quantity of farthings—he said he knew nothing at all about it-—he would defy anybody to say he had any farthings in his possession at any time—I said, "You were at Twickenham yesterday, with Goldsmith and Tamplin, spending a great quantity of farthings"—he said, "I did not see them;" but afterwards he said, "I did see them; they asked me to go with them to have a game at skittles"—he said nothing about their being with him on the night of the robbery—he also said, "I have no money—I have only 4d."—I was on the spot when Goldsmith was apprehended, and I apprehended Tamplin on Saturday evening, and found on him 1s. 8d. in copper (produced)—there is one halfpenny among it which Mr. Pope identifies—he said he was at North Hyde on the Friday—that is five or six miles off Twickenham Common—on the Sunday morning I took the shoes of the three prisoners to Mr. Pope's premises, and compared the footmarks by placing them by the side of the footmarks—Kill's were very heavy boots, tipped at heel and toe, and with two rows of nails on the outside, and three in the middle—Tamplin's had no nails, except a few small-headed ones just round the heel—the marks corresponded both going and returning—I took off Goldsmith's boot, looked at the bottom of his foot, and saw a piece of clayey soil, similar to that in the garden, attached to his stocking—it was Goldsmith's shoes that I could not find any marks of going to the premises—the prisoners at first all denied having been there on the Friday, or having a farthing in their possession—I saw Goldsmith searched—there was nothing found on him—the house is in the parish of Isleworth.

Cross-examined. Q. How many nails were there down each row on the boot? A. I cannot tell you; but I counted the rows—hundreds of shoes may be made off the same last in Twickenham and Isleworth. I do not know it—I have known the three prisoners for some time, Kill has been in custody once for being drunk, that is all.






WILLIAM POPE
. I cannot speak positively to this farthing, or whatever coin it is; but I have seen a similar one to it in my shop—I know this coin found on Tamplih; I saw it in my shop, as near as I can judge, a fortnight before the robbery.





ANN POPE

re-examined. I believe this coin to have been in our possesion some time ago; T cannot say I have not parted with it, but one of our children had it to play with—I believe these six farthings to be the six which I looked out on the Thursday afternoon, and put into a little bowl in the till—this farthing, with the three holes in it, I had in the farthing drawer about a fortnight before, in which drawer all the farthings were when I went to bed, but I do not know whether this was among them—we had not taken any farthings out of the drawer for ten months, and I am sure I put it there; it has a slight bend on the edge—this two-cent piece has been in our till three weeks, or a month; I remarked to my husband upon it, and can say positively that I had it on the Thursday.

Cross-examined. Q. Does your child go to this drawer? A. No; I have a good many children, but I never allow them to go there; they could not reach without getting up on a chair; the eldest is five years and six months old—a sister of mine sometimes serves in the shop; she never touches that drawer, there are plenty of farthings in the till; but I do not say that she would not go to the drawer for some if there were not any.





JOHN SCOTNEY

re-examined. This farthing with three holes in it and two others I received of Mrs. Reddy, also these six others; this halfpenny I found among other coppers on Tamplin—this token I found on Kill—the two-cent piece I found at Mrs. Bridgewater's.
(Tamplin and Goldsmith received good characters.)

KILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

TAMPILN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

GOLDSMITH—


GUILTY
 Aged 17.

of Housebreaking and Stealing 




Transported for Seven Years.

