



1707. 




PAUL FRAZER
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 shawl, value 14s.; the goods of 



Thomas M'Gregor, his master.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






STEPHRN KING
. I am assistant to Messrs. Muncaster and Warr, pawn-brokers, 14, Skinner-street. I produce a new shawl, pawned on 17th Aug. for 7s. 6d.—this is the ticket I put on it, in the name of John Freeman, Blackfriars—it is in my writing—I cannot recollect the person who pawned it—I also produce a waistcoat-piece, and two waistcoats, pawned together on 24th May, 1849, in the name of James Freeman—I did not take them in—I have only been there three months—this is the shawl I snowed to Mr. M'Gregor.





EDWIN HARRISSON
. I am assistant to Mr. Baylis, a pawnbroker, of Alders-gate-street. I produce a coat, pledged on 10th May by the prisoner I believe, in the name of John Freeman, of Blackfriars—this is the ticket (produced)—he has pawned other articles with me in the same name—I cannot swear to him, but believe him to be the man—he came four times.





THOMAS M'GREGOR
. I am a warehouseman, of Cheapside. The prisoner was is my service—on 3rd Sept. I dismissed him, and requested him to turn out his pockets—I saw these keys; but as on trying his desk next day they appeared too large, I sent it to a locksmith, find got it picked—some letters were found in it—I left it in Brown's possession—this shawl is mine—I identified it at the pawnbroker's—the ticket has been taken off since—it bore the manufacturer's mark and number which I adopt as mine—I missed articles of this description—here is a mark of gum where the ticket has been—I have sold such shawls as this—it has not been used—the prisoner had care of the department in which it was, on 17th Aug.—I have seen the prisoner wear waistcoats like these two—I cannot swear to this waistcoat-piece, but have no doubt it is mine—the mark is taken off—when I accused him, he said the amount was too large or it might be arranged.

Prisoner. Q. Had any other person access to the shawls? A. Every one in the warehouse—the shawls were moved from place to place, but were kept inyour department—I had no character with you, but I knew your father.





GEORGE BROWN
. I am Mr. McGregor's warehouseman. The prisoner was in his employ, and was discharged—on 26th Sept. I opened his writingdesk (produced), and found this pocket-book in this secret part which had been overlooked before when I examined it, as I opened the desk with that part towards me—I found in it nineteen duplicates, and among them this one for a shawl, and one for a coat—I believe this coat to be the prisoner's, and also these two waistcoats.

Prisoner. Q. Did the desk remain open from 4th Sept, to the 26th? A. It was unlocked, but was wrapped up in brown paper, and placed in a cupboard in the warehouse where we did not keep goods.





ANDREW YOUNG
. I am in Mr. M'Gregor's service. I have seen the prisoner wear this coat and two waistcoats, as his own—I do not think any one else had waistcoats of this sort—this letter is in the prisoner's writing—(read



see page 717)—after the receipt of that letter I assisted Mr. Brown in searching the desk on the 26th, and saw this pocket-book and duplicate found.





WILLIAM JAMES MITCHELL
 (City police-inspector). I took the prisoner, and asked him if he knew anything of that pocket-book—he said, "Yes it is mine, and was formerly my brother's whose name is written inside"—I opened it, showed him the duplicates, and asked him if he knew anything of them—he made me no answer.

Prisoner's Defence. I was corresponding with Mr. M'Gregor; I even called at the house; any one could have had access to me for three weeks.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

