




366. 




JOSEPH PEARCE
 and 




JAMES PEARCE



, feloniously shooting at 



Cornelius Osborne Dodd, with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.—3rd COUNT, for feloniously assaulting him, with an intent to rob.


MR. COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution.






CORNELIUS OSBORNE DODD
. I am a farmer, of Chipping Ongar, in Essex. On Tuesday, 1st Jan., I was returning from London to my residence—I had occasion to go through Epping Forest—I saw the prisoners about three o'clock in the day, just behind the Eagle at Snaresbrook, in Wan stead parish, on the road that leads to Woodford and Chigwell—I and my wife were in a gig—Joseph came up to my horse, took hold of its head, and stopped it—I asked him his business—he came up to the side of my horse, and I said to him, "Friend, what is your business?"—Joseph said, "Your life or your money," and immediately fired a pistol—I do not know whether it was

presented at any one—he then presented another pistol to me and my wife too, and said to me, "If you don't deliver your money, I will blow your brains out"—if it had gone off, it must have hit one of us—I told him I had got no money—James said, "Be quick, and let us have your money"—I kept telling them I had got none—James then began to handle me—I saw a woman before me, and I called out lustily—James bad something black in his right band, but I only saw the head of it—when I called out to the woman, the prisoners seemed a little daunted, and Joseph told me to drive on, and if I looked back, or gave any alarm, they would blow my brains out—I drove on, and overtook the woman that I had called to—I told her what had happened, and told the police.

Joseph Pearce. Q. Did the thing that James had, hare a black top to it? A. it had a darkish top—I could not say it was black.





MARY DODD
. On Thursday, 1st Jan., I was returning home with my husband, from London, in a gig—in passing through Epping Forest, I saw the prisoners—it was about three o'clock—it might be a little after—they came, took hold of the horse, and demanded our money or our life, and directly Joseph fired off a pistol by the side of me—the discharge did not come very near me—it went down the road, by my side—the pistol was pointed by my side—it could not have hit me—it was not pointed at me—we both told them we had got no money—Joseph directly held another pistol pointing to us, and demanded our money, or he would blow our brains out—I and my husband told him we had got no money, and then James came up beside my husband, took him by his coat, and began to handle him, I suppose for his money, and my husband called out—James had something in his hand, but I do not know what—he took hold of my husband's coat, and said he wanted our money or our life—we told him we bad got no money, and he told us to be off, and if we looked back, or made any alarm, he would blow our brains out—we drove off—I think they said the place where we were stopped was in Wanstead parish, but I do not know—it was a little way beyond the iron bridge.





THOMAS TWINN
. On Tuesday, 1st Jan., I saw both the prisoners about twenty minutes before three o'clock, not quite a quarter of a mile from where the prosecutor was stopped—they were standing at the corner of the wood talking—they were about five yards from the wood which was behind them—I did not see them come out of the wood.





JOHN WILLIAM MANNING
 (police-sergeant, K 5). I received information on Wednesday, 2nd Jan.—I apprehended the prisoners, with the assistance of a constable, on Friday, the 4th, at Stratford, in Essex—I told them the charge—Joseph said, "How do you think respectable gentlemen like us could be guilty of such a thing? it touches us to the heart"—I took them to the station, searched them, and found on Joseph this life-preserver; it would break a person's skull—they said they lived in Stepney—I said, "Stepney is a large place; where there?"—they said, "Anywhere, nowhere, where you like."





MARY DODD

re-examined. This life-preserver appears like what I saw in James's hand.





CHARLES ROWBURY
 (policeman, K 347). I assisted Manning—on the way to the station, Joseph said, "You have no occasion to hold me so tight, I have got no pistols with me now"—pistols had not been mentioned; nothing had passed to which that observation might apply—we did not go into the particulars of the charge, only told them we were going to take them in charge on suspicion of stopping a party on Epping Forest; not for firing a pistol—I searched Joseph, and found on him a duplicate for a waistcoat, and

one of a pair of pistols, pawned on 2nd Jan., in the name of Joseph Pearce, in the Commercial-road—I found on him a flask, with some gunpowder in it, a box of percussion-caps, and six leaden pistol bullets.

Joseph Pearce. I did not say I had no pistols; I said, "I am not going to shoot you."Witness. You said you had got no pistols.





HAROLD WINGFIELD
. I live with Mr. Walker, a pawnbroker, of Waterlooterrace, Commercial-road. I produce this pair of pistols, which I took in pledge on 2nd Jan. of the prisoner Joseph—this is the duplicate that was given for them; I have the counterpart of it—these are the balls of these pistols; the pistols do not unscrew—I believe there is a ram-rod to them; it is not with them now.
(The prisoners' statements before the Magistrate were read as follows;)

Joseph Pearce saith, "What the police-constable says about the pistols is false; what I said was, 'Don't hold me so tight, I am not going to shoot you;' on the day the robbery was committed, I was at Highgate." James Pearce saith, "On the day the robbery was committed, I was with Joseph Pearce at Highgate."

JOSEPH PEARCE—Aged 18.

JAMES PEARCE—Aged 16.




GUILTY
on
3rd
COUNT.





Transported for Fifteen Years.





Transported for Ten Years.

