



1501. 




THOMAS HAYNES



, feloniously stabbing and wounding 



Thomas Plant on the left eyelid, with intent to disfigure him.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. NAGLE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS PLANT
. I am a plumber. On 13th Aug., between two and three o'clock in the morning, I went to see a friend home to Westminster—two other friends were with us—we went to the Bell, in York-street, ordered some refreshment, and while we were sitting there a young woman came running up to me, crying, and asked me if I would protect her from the prisoner, as he wanted to rob her—I told her 1 did not know about protecting her, as I knew a young man who had got into trouble for so doing, but if she liked to stand by me I would see that no injury came to her—the prisoner was then within hearing, and came up to me, and asked what I had to do with her, and hit me in the nose, which made it bleed—I struck him again repeatedly, and when he found I was too much the master he up with his foot, and kicked me in the privates—I reeled to the bur—I was in such pain that I could not stand—the landlord immediately put the gas out—one of my friends opened the door—I was led out, and tat on the step of an omnibus in the yard—I afterwards went to one of the witnesses' house, but did not go to bed—on going to work, at half-past six, I went to the public-house, saw the prisoner there, and asked him how he could use me in such a cruel manner, and the answer was a repetition of it, if I had not stooped, and caught it on my shins—I struck him again, and he ran away, saying I was too much for him—I thought it was all over; I was leaning on the bar, and all at once he rushed at me with a knife between his fingers—I did not see anything, but I thought my eye was pierced out—I was taken to the station, with the prisoner, and from there to the hospital.





HENRY KING
. I was with Plant—a female asked him for protection—he told her if she stood by him, he would not see her injured—the prisoner came up, and struck him between his eyes—Plant struck him again, and the prisoner struck him on the shin-bone and the lower part of his person with groat force, and he was obliged to go and rest himself on the counter, in great agony—we left the public-house, returned in the morning, and found the prisoner there—blows passed between them—the prisoner said he was too strong for him—he out with a knife, and struck him below the eye—I saw the knife in his finger, and he put it towards his pocket—I saw the blood flow from Plant—Richards was present.





JOHN RICHARDS
. I was with Plant, at the Bell—the woman rushed past me, nearly crying, and said to Plant, "Do take care of me, that man wants to rob me"—he said he did not know about protecting her, so many young men got into trouble for it—the prisoner was close enough to hear—she showed a sovereign in one hand, and some silver in the other—in a few minutes the

prisoner came, and asked Plant what he had to do with the woman—he said, "I do not know, she came to me for protection, and I protected her"—the prisoner then struck him a violent blow, blood flowed, and there were blows on both sides—I cannot say I saw him kick Plant, but I saw him in the act—Plant leaned on the bar, and said he had ruined him for ever—the landlord put the gas out, and I opened the door to let the daylight in—we then left, and returned at half-past six o'clock, and Plant went in to remonstrate with the prisoner—we afterwards went in. and the prisoner was then kicking Plant, and blows passed—after that I thought it was all at an end—Plant was leaning on the bar, talking to a party about the cruel way the prisoner had attacked him—I saw a knife in the prisoner's hand, and he shot off his fist, and struck him in the face—he put the knife into his left-hand pocket—I afterwards saw him put his hand to his left-hand pocket, and pass something to one of his party, who was close to him.





WILLIAM DEWSNAP
. I am a surgeon. Plant came to the hospital at an early hour in the morning—he had a punctured wound on the left lower eyelid, about a quarter of an inch deep, and a contusion on the side of his nose—the wound under the eye might have been inflicted by a sharp instrument—it could not have been inflicted by the fist, or by a fall.

Prisoner. Q. Might it not have been inflicted by the edge of a table bound with iron? A. I should say not, it was not of sufficient extent.

Prisoner's Defence. In the fight we both fell, and the prosecutor's face came in contact with the seat.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
†* Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

