



341. 




THOMAS LAKE



, stealing 80lbs. weight of mutton, value 2l.; the goods of 



Thomas Langham: having been before convicted.






ISAAC SPREADBOROUGH
 (policeman, D 61). I met the prisoner in Quebec-street, New-road, on 18th Dec, about ten o'clock in the evening, with a sack on his shoulder, and something in it—I followed him to Gloucester-street, New-road, where I met another constable and took him with me—I stopped the prisoner, and said, "Lake, what have you got in that sack?"—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "I think you have"—he threw it down and said,

"You can look if you like"—while I was looking, he ran off—I sent the other officer after him—I found in the sack the carcass of a sheep—it was given up—this is the shank-bone of it—it weighed 80lbs.—it had been recently killed.





RICHARD SHEARGOLD
 (policeman, D 40). I ran after the prisoner, and took him in Gloucester-mews—he said, "I will go quietly, don't beat me; I am caught this time; I suppose I shall be lagged for it."

Prisoner. He said, "I will settle you now, if I can;" I said, "I will go back quietly."





CHARLES LOVEGROVE
. I am in the service of Thomas Langham, a butcher, of Oxford-terrace, Edgeware-road. The policeman showed me the mutton—it had been in my employer's slaughter-house—I had dressed it—there was the whole sheep, except the entrails—it had been hung up to be sold—I have seen it since—this is a bone of it, I know it was the same animal—the staple of the slaughter-house was forced off the door, the tiles taken off, and some one had got in, and forced open the door with a pole-axe—I saw the sheep safe about half-past six o'clock that evening—I should think the prisoner was taken about three-quarters of a mile from our place.

Prisoner's Defence. A man told me to carry it for him; he said it was a dead sheep; he wanted to get it away before the morning.





JOHN PARKER
. I am a stone-mason, and live in John-street, Edgware-road. I was drinking with the prisoner, in a beer-shop in Stingo-lane—I cannot recollect what day it was—we went in about three o'clock, and stayed till eight or nine—Charles Lewis was there—some man came in, and called Lake out—he had a lightish sort of a coat on, and a black hat—I did not take notice whether he had any apron—I thought it might be somebody come that wanted him for a job—he did not come back; I did not see him again till now—I heard in the morning that he was taken for stealing a sheep.

COURT. Q. Was it a tall or a short man that called him out? A. Not a very tall man; it was not me—I did not go out with him when he was called out—I stopped till twelve o'clock—I was not before the Magistrate, to be called in—I had a job to go to—the prisoner knew where I lived—I know the prosecutor's premises; his slaughter-house is in Tooting-court, not where his house is; I dare say that may be 200 yards from the beer-shop—it might be half-past eight or nine when the prisoner was called out of the beer-shop—if the owner had asked me to get on the roof of the slaughter-house, I should have borrowed a ladder, which I should have put in Tooting-court—the back of the slaughter-house is in Croydon-street.





WILLIAM WILLIAMS
 (policeman, D 141). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted Nov., 1847, and confined six months)—he is the man.




GUILTY
.** Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

