



915. 




JOSEPH DUNN
 was indicted

 for a robbery, with two other persons, on 



John Travers, and stealing 3l.; his moneys.






JOHN TRAVERS
. I have been a draper, but am now out of business. On Monday afternoon, 11th July, about a quarter past 2 o'clock, I was in the neighbourhood of the Regent's-park, near the New Church of St. Mark, in the Albert-road—I had been to have my dinner, and as I was coming from the coffee house I was separating my money in my hand, when all at once I was startled by somebody holding my arms from behind—I had not seen them before, for my eyes were directed to my hand as I was counting my money—it is a very quiet place—I found somebody lay hold of my arms behind and pinion me—I then looked and saw that two men were holding my arms—they pulled me on about three yards from the place where they had first seized me, and then directed my eyes to the prisoner, who was kneeling on the ground, shuffling some cards—they asked me to lay a stake—I refused to do so—they said they were betting, and wanted me to do the same—I was held all the time—one of them said, "I bet 5s. that I pick up the middle card"—I do not remember that he said what the card was—all this time I was in the custody of the two men, and trying to get away as well is I could, but I was alarmed—I had my money grasped in my hand, for as soon as I felt them lay hold of my elbow I grasped my money and tried to

put it into my pocket, but was not able to do to—I had half a sovereign, with four half crowns, in my left hand, and two sovereigns in my right hand, which I had taken from the other, and was about putting it into my pocket—I was in the act of separating the gold from the silver when I was first attacked—the man at the left hand side seized hold of my hand, and took from it the money that was in it, 5s. of which he gave to the prisoner, and the other he put into his waistcoat pocket, and about a second afterwards he took it out again, and gave that also to the prisoner—I saw the prisoner take the 5s.—he was only about a yard from me at the time; he was in front of me—I did not see how many persons there were behind me—I did not look behind; I kept my eye on the prisoner, because I knew he had got the 5s.—I was pinioned all the time, that was why I could not resist them—two persons held me, one on each side—there seemed to be three of the party, one on my right hand, one on my left, and the other, who was betting, or pretending to bet—about a second after the man on my left took the money from my left hand, the man on the right side of me seized hold of my wrist, and forcibly took the two sovereigns out of that hand, and gave it to the prisoner—he put it on the ground, pretending that it was in my name, whereas it was nothing of the sort—I was then released—I immediately sprang at the prisoner, who was attempting to get on his feet, shuffling the cards all the time—he was then knocked down by a man, who was not in a policeman's clothes, but who at once said, "I am a constable, and you are my prisoner," and he took the prisoner into custody—when J first saw the prisoner he was kneeling down—I did not see him before I was pinioned—while the two men held me they talked to the prisoner; it was very confused; I could scarcely repeat what they said, save that "Here is a 5s. bet; I bet you 5s. that I take up that card;" that is all that I can remember—they appeared to be rapidly betting with each other, and seemed to be quite confused with it, or quite busily engaged with it—the prisoner dealt the cards on the ground—he turned up certain cards, but I have no idea what they were; I suppose it was the one they were pretending to bet upon—I said nothing to the prisoner, only "Give me my money"—I said that as soon as I was released, and I made a dash at him to get my money—as soon as he had the 2l. I was released, and I sprang at his hands as he was getting on his feet, and said, "Give me my money" when I was interrupted by the policeman knocking him down—I did not consent to the money being taken from me; it was taken forcibly from my hand—it occupied about two minutes and a half.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. What situation are you in now? A. In a situation as clerk—I was a clerk some time at Sheffield after I gave up business—I have been out of business about two or three months—I was not in business on my own account—it is two months since I was in a situation—the last employment I was in was at Sheffield—that is about eight months ago—I have not been out of employment since then—I was in a situation three months ago, with Lewis and Allenby, of Regent-street—I left from a private cause of my own, and I have re-engaged with them, and am going there very shortly—I have never represented myself as a clergyman, or as a gentleman studying for holy orders—I was contemplating going to College; you have got hold of that idea from Mr. Hough, who was solicitor to my Society, and he elicited that from me—I did not tell Mr. Hough that I had been foolishly gambling, and had lost more than I could afford to lose with these persons—I deny it on my oath—I never said such a thing to him or any one else—I do not know how to play at cards—I never touched a card in my life—I was not playing at cards with these people—there were
31

three persons beside the prisoner—it lasted about two minutes and a half—I had not left the house where I dined two seconds—there are not houses on each side in the Albert-road, only on one side—they are very nice detached houses, and on the other side is the Zoological Gardens—these three persons had not been in the coffee-house—when I came out of the coffee-house I was quite alone—I had seen no person, and when I felt myself arrested I was in the middle of the road—I supposed that they had come from the park—there were three persons besides myself, four altogether—they remained there till the policeman rushed up—there were three persons and the prisoner, four besides myself, including the prisoner—one had hold of my left arm, another of my right, another stood by the side of the one that had hold of my right arm, and he had a moustache from what I can recollect, and the prisoner was on the ground at that time—there were five persons altogether, including the prisoner and myself—that was all I saw; as I said before I could not see behind me—only two persons seized me by the arms—the others were at the side of the road when I got there—the wall of the nearest house was about six yards off—it was a detached house at the corner—the prisoner was kneeling, I was standing—I was not on the ground; I was on my legs, and trying to get away—I could not call out—I have an affection of the throat, and the least excitement will hinder me from speaking or shouting—I said, "Leave me alone!"—I did not call out for assistance—I could not, as I was suffering from the affection of the throat.

COURT. Q. You have been asked about Mr. Hough; is he the prisoner's attorney? A. Yes; I did not know him before this matter took place—I was introduced to him at the police court by the reporter for the Times—I did not seek the introduction—the Times reporter came to me, and asked if my case was coming on, and he said, "This is the attorney for the prosecution—I said, "Indeed? I understood that the Crown was the prosecutor, and I a witness for the Crown"—he told me he was the attorney for the client, that is, the prisoner—they went through the yard, and the Times reporter made a motion to me to follow—I went, and we talked a little in a room, and in the course of conversation I said if I were to consult my own feelings I should not prosecute the man at all; it would be ill in accordance with my views, as I expected one day to be a minister.





JAMES ABRAHAMS
 (policeman, S 296). I took the prisoner into custody about half past 2 o'clock on this Monday afternoon, at the corner of Albert-road, Regent's-park—as I turned round the corner I saw him and two others of his companions in among a crowd of I suppose fourteen or fifteen persons—I then saw the prisoner on his knees on the public footpath, and before him he had these three cards (producing them)—they were on the ground before I got up—I then saw some silver passed to the prisoner, but whose hand gave it to him I could not swear—I believe it was one of his companions—I saw the hand go immediately I came up—I saw the prosecutor there, he did not appear to be betting at all—I afterwards saw one of the prisoners' companions take from the prosecutor's hand two or three sovereigns—I saw that done—I was looking over a man's shoulder just round the corner—I was in plain clothes—I kept out of sight—I knew very well as soon as they saw me they would not stay—the man who took the sovereigns gave them to the prisoner—the prosecutor was in the act of laying hold of him, and I immediately came forward, got hold of him, and threw him on his back on the footpath, and whilst I was in the act of picking up these three cards some person struck me, and knocked me up against the wall—I then immediately put my foot on the prisoner's chest, and kept him down on the ground—I picked up

the cards, and then said, "Give me the money you have got in your hand"—he made no reply, hut I took from his hand, as I thought, four sovereigns in gold and 17s. 6d. in silver, hut one of the four is a counterfeit sovereign—I took hold of him by the collar, and told him to come with me—I pulled him across the road into the Regent's-park, on account of there being so many there, and then I called a park-keeper—as we got into the park he said, "Give the gentleman the three sovereigns, and let me go, and I will give you something," or make you amends," or" you shall lose nothing by it," or something like that—as we were going to the station he dropped these ten other cards on the footpath—they came from the bottom of his trowsers—I searched him at the station, and found on him 7s. 6d. besides what I took from his hand, and a piece of paper, which I have lost.

Cross-examined. Q. You say there were thirteen or fourteen persons there altogether? A. I should say about that—when I first saw the prosecutor to the best of my belief his face was towards the footpath as if he was going over the bridge—he was not standing alone, the prisoner's companions were one on each side of him—I never heard him bet or speak one way or the other till just as I was going to take the prisoner, when I told him I was a policeman—I suppose it might be not quite a minute from the time I saw the money taken out of the prosecutor's hand till I took the prisoner; I seized him directly—there were more gentlemen there besides the prosecutor—there was a quantity of people there—I stated before the Magistrate that there was a gentleman there, I meant the prosecutor, but there were other gentlemen besides him.

Q. You stated in your depositions "there was a gentleman, as I thought, in the act of betting some money," to whom did you refer? A. Not to the prosecutor, he was not in the act of betting, as I told you before, I never heard him speak a word, I referred to another gentleman—I could see the prosecutor distinctly, and the persons on each side of him; it seemed to me as if they both had hold of him.

COURT. Q. I find that before the Magistrate you made this statement, "There was a gentleman, as I thought, in the act of betting some money, and I saw him give the prisoner one or two half crowns?" A. Yes; that was what I stated, I saw some silver go to the prisoner—that gentleman was a person who was standing behind; he did not interfere at all with the prosecutor—no sooner were the half crowns given than the prosecutor's Other hand was wrenched open, and two or three sovereigns taken from him and given to the prisoner, and the instant they were given I laid hold of him by the collar; the others immediately ran away—I cannot say whether the person I call a gentleman was a confederate of the others.





BENJAMIN BISHOP
. Between 2 and 3. o'clock on this Monday afternoon I was passing near St. Mark's Church, and saw from ten to fourteen persons standing round—I went up to them, and saw the prisoner kneeling down on one knee, with three cards on the pavement in front of him—I saw the prosecutor standing in the middle of two men, right opposite the prisoner; they had got hold of his arms, one on each side—the prisoner said "Will you have a bet?" at first he said for one sovereign, and then he altered it to two—the betting was to be upon picking a card out of the three; I believe it was the Queen that was to be picked out; the gentleman was to pick the card, but he never offered to bet—I saw the prisoner shuffle the cards—I saw a man who was standing by the side of the prosecutor take some money from the prosecutor's hand—it was not done in a very rash way; the prosecutor's hand was closed, the man pulled it open, took out the money, and

gave it to the prisoner, be took it; I believe it was 2l. I am not certain, I saw it was gold—the officer was standing behind me all the time, looking over my shoulder—as soon as this was done, he rushed by me and took the prisoner into custody—the prosecutor said "You thief! you hare got my money—the other two ran away, nobody tried to catch them—I accompanied the prisoner part of the way to the station—he said "I have a large family, I was trying to get some bread for them, let me go."

Cross-examined. Q. They did not carry on this game in a very quiet manner, did they? A. There was very little talking, only with the three—I did not hear one of them say to the prosecutor, "Why you have lost it fairly, and you must pay," nothing of the kind.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

