




802. 




JOSEPH BROOKS
 and 




ANN CADDICK



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Bagley Uther, and stealing 3 guns, 19 pistols, and other articles, value 130l.; his goods.—2nd COUNT, for receiving the same; Brooks having been before convicted.


MR. WOOLLETT
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH BROWN
. I am porter to Charles Bagley Uther, of 8, Leicester-street, Leicester-square. On 13th March I fastened up the shop, and went out at half-past seven o'clock—I returned at a quarter or twenty minutes past ten, and found the door open and a candle burning—I missed nineteen or twenty pistols from the case.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you sure you locked the door? A. Yes; the key was in my pocket.





ROBERT CHATLEY
 (policeman, C 184). I was on duty in Leicestersquare, about ten minutes past eight o'clock in the evening, in plain clothes, and saw Brooks standing about ten yards from Mr. Uther's shop—I watched him for five minutes—he walked towards the shop—I went through some auction-rooms to meet him again, but lost sight of him.





WILLIAM MURRELL
 (policeman, C 80). On 13th March, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was on duty in Leicester-square, standing by the inclosure, and saw the prisoners and a man within twenty yards of the shop—Brooks crossed over to me and another officer, looked us full in the face, went on a few yards below and crossed over to his associates—I went for assistance.





JAMES STRINGER
 (policeman, C 193). I was on duty in plain clothes in Leicester-square the day before the robbery—about ten minutes to eight o'clock in the evening, I saw Caddick leaning against a post at the corner of Leicester-square, and Brooks walking up and down, close to the prosecutor's shop—I had to go to the station, and on my return they were gone—I saw them again on the Wednesday at the same places, at about half-past eight.





THOMAS HARDWICK
 (police-sergeant, D 7). On 15th March, in consequence of information, I watched a man into No. 9, Parker-street, Drury-lane—I went up into a room, and found the prisoners, and under the bed found four gun-cases, some guns, and double and single-barrelled pistols—I found this handkerchief in a basket, and a pistol in it—I knew that Caddick lodged there, and asked her whose property it was—she said a man named Cook brought it there—I asked when—she said she did not know—I asked who Brooks was—she said he was her brother, just come there—previous to that she said, "You think I am a b—flat; you want to know too much"—I took the guns and pistols to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Who was the man you watched? A. I do not know

—I went in about five minutes after him—for all I know, that man may have been Cook—I do not know him by that name—I was not drinking in a public-house in Museum-street with him—I am certain Caddick did not come in and see me, Allan, and Cook drinking together—I drank with no one but Allan—there were two or three persons there—I was not there scarcely a minute—Cook was not one of them that I know of—I spoke to no one but Allan—we have to go into public-houses sometimes on duty—it was a little after eleven o'clock when the man went into the house—he crossed Oxford-street with this handkerchief, and a handle of a pistol sticking out of it—I only saw his back—he passed me, but I was going the same way that he was—I was about 200 yards from the house when he went in; he walked faster than me—he appeared to be a young man.





JOHN SETH ALLAN
 (policeman, A 350). On 15th March, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I followed Hardwick to No. 9, Parker-street, to a room on the second-floor, and found the prisoners there—I saw Hardwick take some pistols from under the bed, and some gun-cases were packed up one on the other—the pistols were thrown into a small basket, except two, which were in a handkerchief—Brooks was leaning against the wall—Caddick said he was her brother—I asked him where he lived—he said at 3, Linley-court—I have made inquiry, and he does not live there—I found a glove on the mantelpiece, with four latch keys in it, one in each finger, also two files.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you come from? A. From the station—I think Hardwick and I were in a public-house in Museum-street—we were not drinking there with a man named Cook—I believe two or three persons were present—I will not be positive.

Brooks. Q. How was the man dressed? A. Like you.





CHARLES BAGLEY UTHER
. On the morning of the 14th March, I missed a quantity of guns and pistols—this is one pair of the pistols(produced)—I sleep out of town.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the value of that pair? A. Fifteen guineas—they have my name on them.





RICHARD MOSS
 (policeman, P 330). I produce a certificate—(read—Henry Hurst, convicted of housebreaking in June, 1848, and confined eighteen months)—I was present—Brooks is the man.

BROOKS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


CADDICK—



GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
—Aged 24.—



Confined Twelve Months.


Before Mr. Baron Platt.

