



1507. 




HENRY WAITE



, stealing 1 cruet and top, value 8s.; and 1 spoon, 2s.; the goods of 



Samuel Howis Castle: having been before convicted.






MARY BRICKNELL
. I am in the service of Mr. Samuel Howis Castle, of Turnham-green. His furniture was to be sold on Wednesday, 31st July—it was to be seen on the 30th—the prisoner came about one o'clock that day—I went up-stairs with him, and showed him the furniture—I came down with him to the drawing-room—there was a lady there—I saw the prisoner take up a cruet-stand from the drawing-room table—he took this mustard-pot out of the stand, and put the stand down on the table, but not the mustard-pot—there was no mustard in the pot, but there was a silver spoon—he went downstairs directly—I ran down to the men, who were at dinner in the kitchen, and told what I had seen—Robert Bass ran after the prisoner, and he was brought back—he went down on his hands and knees, and said, if Mr. Castle would let him off, he would try and find the mustard-pot—they went away together, towards the Duke of Devonshire—this is the mustard-pot(produced)—it is Mr. Castle's.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Mr. Castle said, "Come with me," and they went together? A. Yes; Mr. Castle is not here—I know his name, from his sisters and others, and by its being written in books—he did not tell me to say that his name was Samuel Howis Castle—he has been ill ever since the death of his father—he does go out—I was only one or two minutes talking with the lady, I cannot say when she came in or went away—I know her by sight—I do not know her name—when I ran down-stairs I left her by herself—I did not go back again—I know the mustard-pot, by cleaning it fifteen months—there is no mark on it.





ROBERT BASS
. I was in the kitchen at Mr. Castle's house—Bricknell came down, and told me something—I ran out of the kitchen, and followed the person she pointed out—I saw him running—he ran through an avenue between two gentlemen's grounds—he ran by the pleasure-grounds of Falkland-house, and into the ✗ain road again.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you stop him? A. No; when I found he was gaining ground on me, I called to a person, who went after him, and stopped him on the common—I did not see an omnibus to my knowledge.





HENRY POPE
 (policeman, T 88). I received the prisoner from Mr. Castle—he went on his knees, and begged him not to press the charge—he said if he would let him go he would give him 5l. or 10l.—I took him to the station, and on the evening of the same day I went to the play-ground belonging to Falkland-house School, and found this mustard-pot and spoon in a shrub.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he ask not to be given in charge on account of his wife and family? A. He did.





WILLIAM COPPING
 (policeman, K 379). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted March, 1848, and confined six months)—I was present—he is the person—he has also had three months on another indictment.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

