




282. 




JAMES LOGIE



, feloniously forging and uttering a bill of exchange for 18l. 6s. 4d., with intent to defraud.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PERKINS
. I am a cork merchant, and live in Church-lane, Whitechapel. On 17th Oct. the prisoner was brought to me by a party—I had not known him before—I had known the other party—the prisoner produced this bill to me (looking at it)—he said it was for goods sold and delivered to Joseph Simpson, a neighbour of mine—he wanted it discounted—he said he understood I had accommodated a friend of his on one or two occasions, and if I could do it he should feel obliged—I knew Mr. Simpson by repute, and knew where he lived—I discounted the bill, and paid it into my banker's—it was presented when due, and was returned to me—on 16th Jan. I took the bill to Mr. Simpson, and told him I was rather surprised that a bill of to small an amount was returned—I never saw the prisoner afterwards till he was taken into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. No; Mr. Bugler, a mast maker, brought him to me.





JOSEPH SIMPSON
. I am a potato dealer, and live at 3, Commercial-road. This name on this bill is not my writing—I did not give the prisoner authority to put my name to it, nor any one else—I never kept an account at the London and Westminster Bank—there is no other person of my name in the Commercial-road in my line of business.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. I have known him some years—he was at one time in good business—he never asked me to become his security in a loan society—he never asked me to do so—I never did it for any one in my life.





THOMAS RICHARDS
 (police-serjeant, 10 M). I went in search of the prisoner on 2nd Feb., Mr. Simpson was with me—I went to a public-house in Tooley-street; I saw the prisoner there—I asked whether his name was not Logie; he said no—Mr. Simpson came into the room immediately after, and the prisoner then said, "Yes, my name is Logie"—I told him I was a police-officer, and he must consider himself my prisoner, for forging a bill of exchange—he said, "O Lord, O Lord!"—he said at the station, "If they had left it alone one day longer, I should have been able to settle it."
(The prisoner received a good character).




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury,—


Transported for Seven Years.

