




197. 




GEORGE FRAZER
 and 




JOHN CHAPEL



, stealing 221bs. weight of horse-hair, value 12s.; the goods of 



James Longer and others, in a vessel on the Thames.






WILLIAM JACKSON
 (policeman, R 284). On the evening of Christmas-day, at about half-past 6 o'clock, I saw Frazer in the New-road, Woolwich, with three large bundles, in two handkerchiefs and a bag—he went into a marine-store shop, and offered what he had for sale—I did not then know what it was—I went into the shop, found it was horse-hair, and asked him how he got it; he said it was his sea-bed, which he had ripped open to make money of the hair—I took him to the station, and while he was locked up he asked me how he should get on—I asked him how long he had the hair in his possession; he said either eight or nine months, and I believe he said he had it on board the Fisgard—I said there was a large quantity, and he said it was a bed and a half—some time after that he said he had had it eighteen months—this is it (produced).

Frazer. Q. Did I say I had it eight or nine months, or eighteen months? A. You said eight or nine—I told the Magistrate you said three months—you did say three first, and then eight or nine—(the witness's deposition was read at the prisoner's request, and agreed with his present statement.)





MOSES BARNETT
. I keep a marine-store shop at Woolwich. On Christmas-day, about dusk, Frazer came to my shop with three bundles of horsehair, and asked me to buy them—I offered him half-a-crown for them; he said he would, take 3s. for them—he then whistled, and Chapel and another young man came up—Frazer said, "He has bid half-a-crown, will you take it?"—Chapel said, "If you will not sell your share, I will sell mine," and I said I would have no more to do with them.





JANE CLARA DUKES
. I am an unfortunate girl, and live at Woolwich. I know Chapel—I have seen a pocket-handkerchief like one of these the horse-hair is tied in, in Chapel's possession, but I cannot swear to this one.





FREDERICK BLAKE GOODWIN GIDDINGS
. I am secretary of the Woolwich Steam Packet Company. They have a steamer called the Flora, which was moored in the Thames, off the Ship and Half-moon, at Woolwich—I visited that vessel on 27th Dec, and discovered that the whole of the backs of the seats in the cabin had been cut open, and the horse-hair taken from them—the quantity that was gone would correspond with the quantity found, as near as I can judge—James Longer is one of the Company, and there are others.

Frazer. Q. Can you swear to the horse-hair? A. No.





JOHN BANKS
. I am ship-keeper of the Flora, and sleep in the fore cabin. The seats in the aft-cabin were stuffed with horse-hair—I first observed it was gone last Thursday—I had seen it safe about three weeks before—I know Chapel—he is apprenticed to the water, to his brother-in-law, at Woolwich—I know Frazer has been to sea.





WILLIAM GLADWIN
 (policeman, R 122). On 27th Dec. I examined the

three bundles of horse-hair, and among it found this piece of ticking (produced), with hair to it—I have been on board the Flora, and brought this part of the cabin-seat (produced), and I find that the piece of ticking I found, fits to the back of the seat, both in size, the number of the nail-holes, and every particular (fitting it in)—I also find pieces of string in the horse-hair, and in the other portion of the seat, which correspond.

Frazer. Q. Did any one see you take that piece of the ticking out of the horse-hair? A. Yes, the superintendent of the works and Jackson—there are several other pieces of string and ticking, which correspond (produced)—there were ten seats cut altogether.

Frazer's Defence. I belonged to a man-of-war, and had got my discharge; and as I had not been in England at Christmas for years, I took the stuffing of my bed, at my mother's, to sell; I have a four years' character on my discharge (producing it).





JOHN BANKS

re-examined. I never saw Frazer on board the boat—any one could come on board by taking a boat, either at day or night—they could get on board without any one seeing them—there is no watch on deck at night—the vessel is lying up—the cabins are shut, but not locked—I slept in the fore-cabin.

FRAZER—GUILTY.

CHAPEL—


GUILTY
. Aged 19. 



Confined Nine Months.


Frazer was further charged with having been before convicted.






JAMES WILLIAM CROUCH
 (policeman, R 118). I produce certificate (read—John Williams, convicted at the Central Criminal Court, Dec. 1850, confined nine months)—I was present at the trial—Frazer is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

