




1261. 




MARY ELLIS
 and 




MARY ANN SHEEHAN



, stealing 1 purse, 1 sovereign, and 7 shillings; the property of 



Ann Jerrell, from her person: Sheehan having been before convicted.






ANN JERRELL
. I am single. On 17th June, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening I met the two prisoners—they asked me to direct them to the British Museum—I turned round to direct them, and Ellis turned round very quickly, and came to my right side—while I was speaking to them, a young man stared at me—when I turned again, Ellis moved her shawl very quickly—we separated; and in consequence of her coming so close to me, I put my hand into my pocket the moment I left them, and my purse was gone—there was one sovereign and seven shillings in it—I had it safe about three minutes before—I had only come from No. 4 to No. 6, and had walked straight along—I went back—the prisoners were both together, and a young man was speaking to them—Ellis was looking after me—I did not go up to them—they stood there a minute or two, and went across the road—I followed them—they went down Chandos-street, and down Queen Ann's-mews—the man went in an opposite direction—I followed the prisoners—they ran up the steps of a house in the mews—I gave them into custody—the man was five or six yards from me.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You are servant to Mr. Lambert? A. Yes; I could not have lost my purse in any other way—I put it into my pocket as I came up the kitchen stairs—there was no hole in my pocket.





MARTHA RUSH
. I live at 2, Queen Ann's-mews. On Monday evening, 17th June, I was sitting at my front window, about a quarter-past eight o'clock—I saw the prisoners run into the Mews—the man took an opposite direction—the prisoners came up the steps to my room, and Sheehan asked me to let her go to the closet—I did not, for we have not one—we were putting the prisoners down the steps when Jerrell came—we gave the prisoners in charges.






SAMUEL RUMBALL
 (police-sergeant, D 19). About half-past eight o'clock that evening, I was called to Queen Ann's-mews by Jerrell—she gave the prisoners into custody—I took them to the station—they were searched by the female searcher—there was nothing found on them, but eight shillings on Ellis.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-sergeant F 7). I produce a certificate of Sheehan's conviction, at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted July, 1848, and confined six months)—she is the person.

ELLIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Twelve Months.


SHEEHAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years


