









1508. 




JOHN WALKER,



 CHARLES WILCOX,



 JOHN ELLIOTT,



 SARAH CLEMENTS,



 ELIZA WILSON
, and 




SELINA LANGLEY



, robbery on 



Frederick Augustus Thomas, and stealing from his person, 1 jacket and other articles, value 2l. 5s. 3d., and 3 shillings and 1 sixpence; his property.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK AUGUSTUS THOMAS
. I am a sailor. On the 19th July, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I met Eliza Wilson in Ratcliff-highway—she took me to a house in Whitechapel—it was then between one and two o'clock—I went to bed, and after some time Sarah Clements came in and laid on the outside of the bed—about half an hour afterwards the three male prisoners and Langley came into the room; I had never seen either of them before—it was then about three o'clock—I had no light in the room, but I could see; there was a window right over the gas—I was frightened; I got up in bed, and wanted to go away, and these chaps said, "Don't fear, we are not going to trouble you; we only came to ask you for some tobacco"—I had four sticks of tobacco, and I gave them one—they then retired from the room, leaving Clements and Wilson with me—in about a quarter of an hour afterwards the three men and Langley came back again, each of the men had a stick—I then got up to go away altogether, and the three girls put the sheet round my head, tied it round my neck, and began handling my throat, and the men got to the foot of the bed, unbuttoned my trowsers, and pulled them off—they got their hands up at the foot of the bed, and pulled off my stockings and waistcoat—my jacket was off—before I could get the sheet off my head they all went down-stairs, and I was left in the room by myself—I laid there till morning—I had had three shillings and one sixpence in my trowsers—in the morning, about eight o'clock, or between eight and nine, Walker and Elliott came to me and told me I was to leave the room and go away: I did so—I had nothing on then but my shirt and my inner trowsers—they followed me out to the public-house at the corner—I saw a policeman there, and spoke to him—Walker and Elliott escaped—Walker saw me speak to the policeman—I went back with the policeman to the house; I found Langley there and give her in charge—I have not seen any of my clothes since, only my braces—I was in the street when Walker was taken—the others were taken at different times—I have no doubt that the prisoners are the persons—I was sober.

Walker. When I first saw you were in the street, and told me you were too late to get in at your lodgings, and went home with a girl, and gave her your trowsers to sleep with her because you had got no money. Witness. No, I did not—I saw you between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, and again at night—I had nothing to eat or to drink.

Elliott. You went in the front room at No. 2, and gave Clements your trowsers to sleep with her that night. Witness. I never went in any house but one, I do not know the number of it.

Clements. Q. Where did I pick you up that night, when you said you had lost your trowsers and 3s. 6d.? A. I never saw you till you came up-stairs and laid down on the bed.

Wilson. Q. Where did I pick you up? A. In Tower-street—I did not say" Here is my trowsers, I am going to draw my money to-morrow;" I went to bed with them on—I did not tell you to pawn them in the morning.

Langley. Q. Did not I fetch a quarter of an ounce of tobacco for you? A. No.





THOMAS WEAKFORD
 (police-sergeant, H 5). On 19th July, I went with the prosecutor to George-street, Whitechapel—I found Langley sitting at the door—he pointed her out as being one of the persons that had robbed him—I told

her the charge—she said, "It is a hard thing that I should suffer for all; when I get before the Magistrate I shall see how I get on, and then I will tell who the others are"—in the evening I went to the house, and found these braces between the sheets, and this stick under the bed, which is the same sort as Thomas described—on the Sunday I went to 9, George-street, and took Elliott and Clements—I told them the charge—Elliott said, "I do not mind, if he speaks the truth"—Thomas had described the persons who robbed him.





FREDERICK AUGUSTUS THOMAS

re-examined. These are my braces—the stick I cannot swear to.





GEORGE KING
 (policeman, H 27). About half-past nine o'clock on the Saturday morning I was passing near the Founder's Arms, at the corner of Wentworth-street—Wilcox walked away from the public-house side-door as I went up—at the same moment Walker and the prosecutor came out of the front-door—I heard Walker say to him, "I will see that you have all by five o'clock to-night"—Walker walked away—Thomas spoke to me, and I turned round to go after Walker; he ran down Thrall-street as hard as he could run—Wilcox was gone the other way—I heard that Langley was in custody; I went to her room, No. 5—I found Wilcox there, packing up a lot of little things in the room—I said, "I want you; you know what it is for, I suppose?"—he said, "Yes, about the sailor"—in going to the station, he spoke about Walker and the others—after coming from the police-court, I went to No. 2, and saw Walker come over the fence into the back yard—Thomas was up-stairs; I called him down—Walker saw me, and immediately made his escape over the fence—I had an officer stationed there, and Walker ran into his arms—this was between two and three in the afternoon.





SAMUEL DAMAREL
 (policeman, H 140). I took Wilson on 23rd, at 2, George-street—I told her the charge—she said she knew nothing at all about it—I saw Clements in custody—she owned she was one who was in bed with the sailor, and said they came in and struck her as well as the sailor, and she ran down with the party.
(The prisoners' statements before the Magistrate were read, as follows: "Wilson says, 'I never saw the man before.' Clements says, 'I took him home, but I deny the robbery.' Langley says, 'I deny the robbery; I heard the scream; I went into the room, and found the sailor there.'")

Walker's Defence. I saw the sailor in the street at half-past twelve o'clock; he was talking about a girl that he gave his trowsers to, to sleep with, and she was gone away; he had no trowsers but a pair of canvas drawers on; then Clements came and he agreed to give her his jacket to go to her lodging; now he finds that his things are gone, he brings this against us.

Wilcox's Defence. The prosecutor said I came into the room, and the other two men asked him for tobacco, and I stood outside; and then he said he never saw me more till Mr. King took me; and then he said that I was in the public-house, and threatened to knock his brains out; the policeman said I was not there at all.

Elliott's Defence. I was standing in the street; the prosecutor came out of No. 2; he said he had given a girl his trowsers to sleep with her, on account of not being able to get into his boarding-house; Clements came up, and he made an agreement to go with her; I saw no more of him till between eight and nine o'clock in the morning when the beer was in his head, and he gave these two in charge; the lamp is ten or twenty yards off, round a corner; no light can come from it.

Clements's Defence. I picked him up at the door; he said, "What a shame I

should be robbed like this;" he said, "I have no bed to sleep on; if you will take me in, I will go with you;" I went in to bed, and in a few minutes I went to sleep; some person came in; I screamed out, and ran down-stairs.

Wilson's Defence. I met him at half-past ten o'clock at night; he gave me his trowsers, and went to bed.

Langley's Defence. I heard the scream, and went into the room; they afterwards gave me in charge.





THOMAS WEAKFORD

re-examined. The lamp is about four yards from the window—from that and the lightness of the morning, he might have a chance of seeing the persons there.

WALKER†—


GUILTY
. Aged 25:

ELLIOTT†—


GUILTY
. Aged 24:

WILSON†—


GUILTY
. Aged 18:

WILCOX†—


GUILTY
. Aged 21:

CLEMENTS†—


GUILTY
. Aged 23:

LANGLEY†—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—









Transported for Seven Years.

