



50. 




JOHN EDWARD CUNNINGTON
 was again indicted

for a like offence.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN FORBES
. I am a messenger in the General Post-office. On 13th Nov. I was directed to watch the prisoner while he was sorting the letters of the Great Western division—I was in a small room near him—about twenty minutes past eight o'clock he proceeded to sort, and sorted all out of his hand, and rose up from the table with his left hand closed, and went over to a table a yard or two behind, and spoke to a clerk there—I went close by him, and saw him pressing heavily with his right hand upon his left, which was on the table—shortly after he went across the two offices, and went in a direction towards the water-closets, I noticed that his left-hand was closed—I went into the adjoining closet—I could see from one to the other very well—I saw him sit down, take a letter with a red seal from his left coat pocket, open it, take it out of the envelope, take something out of the letter, I could not see what, and put it in his right hand—he then read the letter for a minute or so—I could distinctly see the letter, and I read the words, "Rochester, Nov. 12, My dear father,"—after he had looked at it, he tore it in four pieces, and put it down the pan behind him—it is an open seat; the pressure of the person on it causes the pump to act, and the letter would go down into the trap—a person named Russell was with me—on seeing this I made a communication to him—I remained there till Blackburn the plumber came—no person had entered the water-closet before he came—he examined the closet on which the prisoner had sat, and I saw him take out these four pieces of paper, and the envelope which bears the postmark, "Rochester, Nov. 12."

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Were you watching from the same place that we heard of a little while ago? A. No; my duty leads me about there—I went to the water-closet about half-past eight o'clock—I looked through a grating between the two water-closets, which are side by side—the grating is rather behind the seat—it is about an inch between the bars, about two feet high, and all the width of the wall—you can see from one plainly enough into the other—I do not think he could see me if he had looked, because the closet I was in is dark—the one where he was is light—I could see distinctly—Blackburn came in about a minute or so, at a few minutes before nine—the prisoner was not taken into custody, or searched—nothing was done to him at all—I reported the case—nothing was said about it till he was taken up on the other charge—it is not likely that they would tell the prisoner of it—I may have been in twenty or thirty of these cases, but have never watched persons in the water-closets before—what I have seen has been in the office.





WILLIAM RUSSELL
. I am one of the police-officers attached to the Post-office—I was with Forbes, and saw the prisoner in the water-closet—I looked through the grating, and saw him undo his breeches, sit down, and take from his left pocket a small letter with a red seal—I heard a rumpling of paper, and saw him reading a letter, and heard him put the paper behind him—he then got up—I remained till the plumber came,

and saw him take out these pieces of paper (produced)—Forbes had made a communication to me before this was found, of what was on it—Forbes was looking over the prisoner's left shoulder.

Cross-examined. Q. Are there as many as twenty clerks engaged in sorting letters in the same department? A. I dare say there are.





WILLIAM BLACKBURN
. I am a plumber of the Post-office. I went to the water-closet on this morning, and found these papers in the trap—you can always find in the trap what the person who was there last has left—the papers do not always go away every time—there were several other pieces of paper there—each closet has a separate trap—the bottom of the grating is about one foot six inches above the seat, and the top two feet—it is six inches deep, and comes about the level of the shoulder.





JAMES FREDERICK FRY
. I live at Rochester. On 12th Nov., I addressed a letter to my father at Axminster, near Devon—I put one shilling in it—it was in an envelope—this is it—it is in my writing—I sealed it with red, and posted it at St. Margaret's Bank, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening—I see no remains of the seal.





JOHN FORBES

re-examined. This is the letter I saw in the prisoner's hand—here is what I read.





WILLIAM BOKENHAM
. I am the superintending president of the Post-office. On 13th Nov. I had a communication from Forbes, and on the following day the prisoner was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. How many communications from different people did you have about anything on that day? A. Fifty or sixty.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

