





564. 




JOHN MARTIN
 and 




WILLIAM DRIDGE



, stealing 3 shillings and 1 purse, value 6d.; the property of a woman unknown, from her person.


MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman, R 38). On the afternoon of 12th April I was on duty in plain clothes about Greenwich fair, and saw the two prisoners at the bottom of Church-street, where there was a crowd of people; a performance was going on—I saw Dridge place himself in front of a female, on the right side, and Martin, who had a coat on his left arm, went to her side—I then saw Martin's hand come from the female's dress with this purse (produced) in it—I did not see the hand go in—Dridge then left a little way, and I saw Martin go to him, and give him the purse, and he put it into his right coat-pocket; they then separated—Dridge came across the road, and I pushed him into a public-house, and told him I wanted that purse in his pocket—I put my hand into his pocket, and took it out—I am quite sure this is the same purse—I told him he was charged with stealing it—he said he did not steal it; he picked it up—I told him he did not, but that he received it from another man—I asked him how much was in it—he said he did not know; he had that moment picked it up—I found 3s. in it—I left him in custody, and went after the female and the other prisoner—I could not find the female; I found the other prisoner—I am quite sure he is the person who was in company with Dridge—he had then put the coat on—I told him he was charged with stealing a purse from a lady—he said he had not done so—I told him his companion was in custody—he said he had no companion—I asked him how much he had in his pocket—he said 13s.—I found 23s. 6d.—I told him that was a good deal more than 13s.—he then said he had just changed a sovereign—I also found on him a silver watch and guard.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What time was it? A. Between 3 and 4 o'clock—there were perhaps fifty people looking at the show—I did not speak to the lady; I could have got to her, but then I should have lost the prisoners—I saw the lady about two minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Were there not several other men close to the prisoners? A. There were several others on the footpath, but they were on the kerb, next the road; there was no one on the road side next them—their side faces were towards the show—Dridge made no resistance.





JOHN WHITE
 (policeman, R 180.) I was with Carpenter, and saw the performance going on, and saw both the prisoners there together—I watched them, and saw Dridge place himself by the side, in front of a lady and gentleman—Martin stood at the side of the lady—I saw Martin speak to Dridge; they left the lady, and Carpenter took Dridge into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Were you on the same side of the way as them? A. Yes; I had seen Carpenter before that.

MARTIN—


GUILTY
.

DRIDGE—


GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—



Confined Three Months.


Martin was further charged with having been before convicted.






ALFRED SPICER
 (policeman). I produce a certificate (read—Central Criminal Court: John Williams, convicted Nov., 1850, having been before convicted; confined one year)—I was present—Martin is the person—there was then a certificate produced of his having been transported for seven years.

MARTIN—
GUILTY. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

