



190. 




THOMAS BARE
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Louisa Bare.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLARK
conducted the Prosecution.






FANNY KNOTT
. I live in Ryler-street, Grosvenor-street. The deceased Louisa Bare was my daughter, and the prisoner's wife; she had been married to him twenty years—I remember their living in Vineyard-gardens—I was there about five weeks before my daughter's death—I saw her there—I did not see the prisoner there, but I met him as I was going home—he offered to speak to me, and I told him to go along like a bad man as he was, I had seen my daughter ill-used—he wished to speak to me, and I told him I did not wish to have anything at all to say to him—that was all that passed on that occasion—I saw him again on the Thursday night before my daughter's death; he came to my house, my daughter was not then living with the prisoner—I knew that at the time—he asked me if I had seen the little boy—I told him I had not seen him since the morning he passed the top of the street with him—he asked me if I knew where his wife was—I said I did not—he said he would be revenged on some one; he would do something to some one, but he would not say who—he did not say anything more.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Just recollect yourself; did he use such a term as being revenged? A. Yes; and I told him vengeance belonged to the Lord, that it was not for him to take revenge—I have always remembered that he used that term—I did not tell those who made inquiry about it before—they did not ask me whether I had seen him before, or whether he said that be would be revenged—this if the first time I have stated it.

COURT. Q. Were you examined before the Coroner? A. No; I was before the Magistrate—this is the first time I have said that he said he would be revenged.





SARAH ABRAHAMS
. I live at 5, Brooks'-gardens, Bagnigge-wells. I know Mrs. Hans—in Oct. she was living at my house before the prisoner came after his wife—she had been there twelve months—during the time Mrs. Hans was there, another woman came to stay with her, she called herself Mrs. Bare—she came about a fortnight before her death—she stayed four nights and went away with Mrs. Hans—a little boy, my son by my first husband, named Brackstone, took two of the woman Bare's boxes away when she left—it was on a Friday evening they left—they both left together—on the Monday after that the prisoner came and said, "Have you a little woman living here? I do not know her name, she is a little short woman"—I said, "I suppose you mean Mrs. Hans?"—he said, "I do not know her name"—I said I had a woman of that description, and likewise a person they called Mrs. Bare—when I mentioned Mrs. Bare the prisoner said that was his wife; he then asked if I had not had some boxes come there—I told him that there were two boxes, but they were gone—he wanted to go up and see if his property was not in my place, and I said, "Can't you believe me, they are gone; Mrs. Hans and Mrs. Bare went together, Mrs. Hans did not tell me she was going"—he said, "Are you aware that I can go up and burst the door open, if I thought my property was in your place"—I said, "You will do nothing of the sort; if you go and

get authority you shall search the place, but not before"—he went away after that, and came back the same day with a woman—he came again almost every day, and said just the same, and said I must know where they were gone to—I said I did not know, and I did not—he came on Saturday, the 8th, about a quarter-past 6 o'clock in the evening—I said I was going to send my little boy to see if Mrs. Hans intended to come back again, or to give up the key of the door, and if he liked he could go and see if his wife was there, for I did not know—he then went away—on the Friday night before, he said he was afraid his wife was going on wrong, and if he thought she should cone to be in the emaciated state his poor child was in, he would sooner die it Newgate than see it—he did not say he would sooner be hung—I sent my little boy on the Saturday evening fur the key of my street door, and the prisoner went with him—they left at about a quarter past 6.

Cross-examined. Q. Did be say he was afraid his wife was going on badly? A. Yes; I have seen his daughter once; she came and asked if Mrs. Hans and her mother were there, and I said they were not—she is now down stairs—I do not know her age.





EDWARD BRACKSTONE
 I live with my mother, Mrs. Abrahams, at 5, Brook's-gardens, Bagnigge-wells. I recollect Mrs. Hans and Mrs. Bare living with my mother—they left on a Friday night, and I took two boxes for Mrs. Bare on a barrow, up to Marylebone—I do not know the name of the street—I think the number was 33—I remember the prisoner coming to my mother's on a Saturday night, and I went to the same house where I had taken the boxes—I showed the prisoner the way—we left ray mother's house about half-past 6 o'clock—it took us about three-quarters of an hour to walk—on the way, we went first to a public-house in Leather-lane, and then we went to one at the bottom of Holborn-hill; but he did not have anything tardiest there—he stopped at three public-houses; we went to one at the corner of the same street where I had taken the boxes, and to a Jerry shop a little higher up—at the public-house he said that public-house was too open for him to sit in, in case she might come in, and then she would not go home—he then went to the Jerry shop, and had some ale—before we went to the house he said he would try to take the boxes home; that he would take one, find I should take the other—we then went to No. 33, and went into the parlour, where we saw the landlord—the prisoner bad some conversation with him—I went out twice for beer, and when I was coming in the second time, the woman who had been at my mother's followed me in—we had then been in the house half or three-quarters of an hour; during which time the prisoner had been in the parlour, with the landlord and landlady—when the woman came in, the landlord said to the prisoner, "That is her;" and he said, "Now, don't you kick up any disturbance at all"—the woman went up stairs—she did not see the prisoner—the prisoner took the candle, and followed her up immediately—they had been up stairs a short time when the prisoner called to me and said, "My lad, come and fetch the boxes downstairs—I went up stairs and found them talking together, in a back room on the first floor, standing near the window—I did not hear what they said; they were talking very quiet, and appeared to be friendly—the prisoner said, pointing to a box, "Here, my lad, you take this box down stairs"—I took the box, and as I came out of the room the woman began screaming; and I saw the prisoner hitting her—I put the box down, went across the room to him, and said, "What is the use of hitting your wife like that?"—he said, "Trouble your head with your own business"—I saw him give her two or three blows about the breast before I left the room—he struck her in this

way, jobbing down—I did not see anything in his hand; the was screaming out when I left the room, and as I was going down stairs she screamed out "Murder!"—he said, "Make haste"—there were two or three persons on the staircase—she did not scream "Murder" before I left the room—I did not see or hear any person speak to the prisoner before I went down stain with the box—I put the box in the parlour; went up again to fetch the other down; and as I was going up, I met the prisoner on the stairs, coming down; and he said to me, "You bring the other box down, and I will carry it away"—I went into the room, and saw the woman lying by the fireplace—there were two or three persons by the door, but none in the room—the woman was kneeling down, and leaning up against the fireplace, on her knees—I did not hear her speak or groan—there was blood on her face—I took the box down stairs, and put it outside the door of the house—the prisoner was then gone—I left a person at the door to mind the box, and went down the street, and saw him on the left hand side, by a baker's shop—I saw blood on his right hand—I said to him, "You come hack; you have killed your wife"—he said. "No, I have not"—I said, "You have"—he said, "If I have, you tell the policeman"—I told a policeman, who was on the opposite side, by the public-house—during the time I was in the room, when I went to fetch the first box, I did not see the woman strike the prisoner at all.

Cross-examined. Q. What was done just before the man hit his wife, or what took place the moment before; what was she doing; how was she situated? A. They were standing up, talking together—I did not hear any scream before he hit her; directly he hit her she began to scream—I saw the first blow struck—they were talking together before that by the fireplace, but I do not know what about—they were standing opposite to each other—I cannot recollect what was said—I did not hear her use any ill language to him—I did not hear him ask her about any man who used to visit her—I did not hear him mention a man named Thompson—she was angry about the boxes going, and when I went in to take them, she said, "Oh! you cruel boy to take them boxes away"—I did not hear her say she would not have them go—I only knew her by her living at our house—I know a person named Thompson, who lives in Bath-street—I never saw him with her'—I did not see anything in the prisoner's hand, or the woman's—I was quite close to them, and looking at them—I saw the hand with which the prisoner struck his wife—if there had been anything in it I think I mast have sees it.

COIUR. Q. Still he struck in that sort of way as a person would do who was stabbing? A. Yes.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did she begin screaming more violently after you left the room? A. Yes; after I left the room she began screaming out "Murder!"—the screams were of quite a different kind to what they were before—he was striking her when I left the room—I was nearly at the bottom of the stairs when I heard the cry of "Murder!"—that did not take me two minutes.

COURT. Q. Are you sure he had not given her a blow before the one you saw? A. I saw him give her the first blow when I was in the room; but she had not screamed before that—he could not have given her a blow before that while I was in the room—I must have seen it.





GERORGE LANNEY
. I keep the house, 33, North-street, Marylebone—the deceased lodged at my house a fortnight, in the back room, on the first-floor—I knew her by the name of Knott—I remember the prisoner coming; I opened the door to him; the last witness was with him—the prisoner asked me if Mrs. Bare was at home—I said I knew no such name, and repeated

the names of the lodgers till I said, "There is a Miss Knott and Mrs. Hans lodging together"—on my mentioning that, the prisoner said, "Knott is my wife's maiden name"—he went on to state that there was property of his in the house; that a daughter of mine had got his wife away to lodge in my house with her—that was false—I replied that I had daughters, but no connection of theirs—I told him Mrs. Hans was not my daughter—he said there was property of his in the house, and he would burst open every door but what he would have it—he said he had two boxes—I told him if there was property of his I would assist in getting it, but to have a policeman rather than burst the door open, because I thought it was not legal, being a furnished house and a lodging-house—I said if his boxes were there, this Miss Knott would be in at 9 o'clock; she was so regular I could depend upon her—I asked him to walk into the parlour, which he did, and sat down with me for a long time—I remained with him—he said a great deal to me, too much for me to relate—we were together nearly an hour and twenty-five minutes—he spoke in very bad terms of his wife, and said she and the other one were nothing bat two prostitutes, and did I know I had such character! in the house—I suppose by the other one he meant Mrs. Hans—I said as far as I knew I had never seen or known anything wrong—his wife came home at about five minutes to 9—I did not see any one with her—she went along the passage and up stairs—the parlour door was open, and the prisoner could have seen her, and I believe he did—while she was in the passage I said, "This is the good woman you want to see," and I put a candlestick and lighted candle in his hand, and he followed her up stairs with the candle in his hand—I then went out into North-street, in pursuit of a policeman, for fear of a disturbance—I did not think of doing that before; I was only afraid there would be a piece of work—when I returned with a policeman it was all over; I found my wife bathing the woman's temples—I believe she was then dead.

COURT. Q. Where did you find her when you went back? A. She was in her own room, in the act of lying back.

Cross-examined. Q. Had the boy come for the boxes before the prisoner came to the house? A. Yes, the same evening—my wife then answered the door—she is here—I had never spoken to Miss Knott, and had never been into her room—the prisoner wanted to get the boxes before his wife came home—I think it was his intention, by his words, to have broken the door open.





REBECCA LANNEY
. I am last witness's wife. On Saturday, 8th Nov, the boy Brackston came for some boxes, which I refused to let him have until proper authority was given—in a short time the prisoner came back with the boy, and sat with me and my husband in the parlour for an hour and a half—the woman came home, and went up stairs, and the prisoner went up after her—my husband went out for a policeman, and I stood on the mat at the foot of the stairs, and heard talking in the room up stairs—I believe the door was closed; I could not hear what passed; they were talking quietly—after they had been talking a short time I heard the prisoner call to the boy to come up stairs—I was in the passage at the time, and told the boy to go—the boy went up, the prisoner opened the door, and I heard him tell the boy to take the boxes down—I did not hear anything particular until that time—I went with a candle to the door, to see if I could see my husband, and then the screeching began—I went back to the foot of the stairs, and heard great screeching, and a fall, as if a table or drawers had fallen over—the boy was then bringing down the boxes—the screaming continued after the fall for

about a minute and a half, or two minutes, and then the prisoner came down—I had not noticed the boy go up for the second box; I think be must have gone up while I was on the step—I was going up stairs when I saw the prisoner coming down, and I turned back and opened the door for him—I noticed his hand was smeared with blood—he went out into the street—I closed the door, and immediately went up stairs to the woman's room—when I went into the room she was kneeling, as it were, on one. knee, over a chain which had been thrown across the fender—her hair was scattered about her face—I put my hand and put it back—her eyes were wide open, looking upwards—she was resting on the chair; her hand was clutched, about half open and half shut—there was a wound on her cheek, from which blood was flowing—she bad no bonnet on; I think it was in the fender—she half a victorine round her throat—I took it off, and put my hand there, to see whore the blood came from; I did not know at first—I did not see any blood there only on her face, and I took some water and threw it on her face—she did not speak after I got in; she struggled, and I thought she was in a fit; she made a noise, and threw her head back, but yor eyes never moved—the doctor, Mr. Davison, soon afterwards came, but she was dead before be came—I should say it was from five to eight minutes after the prisoner left that the doctor came—I had not, been into the room before; they had only been with me a fortnight.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in the habit of going into her room? A. I had never been before, I cannot say whether she was in the habit of using any tools.

COURT. Q. She was there a fortnight? A. Yes, exactly—I never saw but one visitor during that time; that was a male—he, called on the Sunday after she came—I believe his name was Thompson—I. have since heard that is his name—he was not called so—when he came he rang the bell—I opened the door and he inquired for Miss Kuott—he did not say who he wanted—the deceased heard him, and was coming down at the time—she went back again, and he went up-stairs with her—I do not know when he came down again—I did not tee him go—I believe Mrs. Hans was at home at the time—she was at home before, and I am not aware that she was gone out.





SELINA BECKETT
. I am the wife of Charles Beckett, a printer, and live in the front-room first-floor of this house—I knew the deceased, she went by the name of Miss Knott, and lived in the adjoining room—another woman named Hans lodged there—they both slept in that room—on 8th Nov., about half-past seven in the evening, I was in my room; the deceased came home—I did not Ree her—I heard footsteps a few minutes before nine and heard her go into her own room—a few minutes afterwards I heard the footsteps of another person following bar up stairs, and a few minutes after they both got into the room the door was shut—I heard quarreling between them—I heard him call her a blasted b----ch—soon after he-come in said "I wish to take away the boxes"—he accused her of being at a low public-house—he mentioned the name, of it, which I do not remember—after that, he said she was with some low prostitutes—she said, "So help me God I was not there"—that transpired—I went downstairs—I have told you all that transpired—I heard him say he would not go out without the boxes, and she said, "If you will sit down, I will explain everything to you"—the last words I heard him say were blasted b----I—then ran down-stairs to tell the landlady they were quarreling—she was standing on the step of her door—I then returned into my own room—I heard nothing then, but I ran up quick, shut the door directly, and as soon as Dgot

in heard a scream of "Murder!"—I came out of my room—the back-room door was wide open—I saw a boy standing just within the door, who had come to fetch the boxes away—he had a box on his shoulder—the deceased and the prisoner were in the room against the window, fighting—the prisoner had his right hand raised, striking several heavy blows—she did not strike him—they were standing close together, they fell down together, and they never appeared to be separate—she seemed to have hold of him—she neither struck or attempted to strike him, in my presence—I saw him strike her four or five heavy blows before she fell—I did not see that he had anything in his hand to strike her with—I could see nothing but his clenched fist—he struck like this (downwards)—she was stooping down, while he was striking her she called "Murder!" four or five times—I did not hear her say anything else—he did not say anything to her—I said to the boy who was standing near the door, "Go and take him away"—and the boy said, "I shall not touch him, for it serves her Joilly well right"—after she was on the ground she raised herself up again, and he got up too, and by that time she had reached the fireplace, and then he struck her five or six more heavy blows, which appeared to be on the head and face—her hack was to me—she did not attack him, or strike him, when she got up—when she raised herself she had got hold of him round the waist it appeared, but his back was to me—I could not see her hands, after the last blow, she fell on the fender, and he came out of the room, and passed me on the mat—I cannot say where the last blow was struck—her back was towards me then, and there was a very dim light, a candle in the middle of the table—it is a small square room, about as large as from me to that lamp—the fireplace faces you as you go into the room—it was at the fireplace she died—the prisoner said nothing to me as he left the room—I did not see him go out of the house, but he went down-stairs—he passed close by me—I could not see whether he had anything in his hands at that time—I was too much frightened.

Q. You say she said nothing, but did you say anything to the prisoner? A. Nothing; after he had gone out I stood and looked at the woman a few minutes, hesitating whether I should go into the room or not—she sat with her face down, and her hair down, and her eyes fixed—I noticed blood running down her face, and about the room, and on the hearth—I ran down to the landlady, and in about ten minutes saw the woman dead.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not this the last observation that was made, did not he say, "I want nothing of you but my boxes, and so help me God I won't leave the house without them?" A. Yet, that is what he did say, but it was not the last that was spoken—that was said just before the last expression—I was examined before the Coroner—I told him, to the best of my recollection, that the boy said, "I shall not touch him, for it serves her jolly well right"—what I said was taken down in writing and read over to me; I signed it—I will not say that I stated before the Coroner that the boy said it served her jolly well right, because I do not know whether he asked me—I think I did say it, but I would not swear it—I only answered the questions put to me.

COURT
to
EDWARD BRACKSTONE. Q. Have you been in Court and heard this young woman's evidence? A. Yes; I did not say, to my recollection, that it served the woman jolly well right—I never spoke to her.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Such an expression as that ought never to be forgotten, can you say whether or not you used such an expression to her? A. I am sure I did not.

COURT. Q. Why did not you interfere when the man was beating the

woman? A. Me interfere, Sir? what could I do?—I could not have done any I good to him—I could not lay hold of him and pull him off—I had not been I drinking at three public-houses with the prisoner—I drank at two—we had I two pints of beer between us—we smoked—I am eighteen years old.





EMMA WEBSTER
. I am the wife of Thomas Webster, of this house in North-street, Manchester-square. I recollect the deceased, who went by the I name of Miss Knott, coming home on Saturday night—my room is the back—I parlour, and she occupied the room over me—I heard her go up into her room, and heard some one fallow her—I heard loud talking in the room—I distinctly heard Miss Knott say, "So help me God!" with some short Christian name, "I have not done it"—I heard a man swear, I believe it was the prisoner—I heard screams about two minutes after she said, "So help me God! I have not done it"—I almost immediately heard him call the boy to fetch the boxes—the boy passed me on the stairs to go for the boxes, and I crossed any room to the window, and heard the first blow struck, and the woman scream—I then went part of the way up stairs, nearly to the top, and could hear the woman's voice—she called "Murder!" two or three times—her last words were, "Oh, he has murdered me"—the boy was in the room at that time—I lost my sight in the fright, the prisoner touched my dress as be went out—I was very much alarmed.





MARY ROBINSON
. I am the wife of Samuel Robinson, a stonemason, of 5, Half-moon-passage, Aldersgate-street—I was acquainted with the prisoner and his late wife—after she had left him he came to my house to make inquiries of me about her—I knew where she was for a little time, I could not tell him at that time—about a fortnight before she died, he came to my house one morning and asked me whether I knew where his wife was—I said no, I did not—he said, "I have heard of my wife, she is 100 miles away, nursing an old lady; I don't mind tramping 100 miles to have revenge, for revenge is sweet"—he said if he could trace out where the boxes went, that was what he wanted.

Q. Just tell us how he said it; what did he say first? A. He said, "I have heard yesterday my wife is 100 miles away, I don't mind tramping 100 miles so long as I can trace out where the boxes went to, for revenge is sweet"—I said, "Why should you think wrong of your wife, did you ever find her doing wrong?"—he made this reply to me, "Why, I do not know, I have seen her making up some finery, and that is only fit for a loose woman in the street"—that was the remark he made to me—I said, "You know nothing wrong of her?"—he said, "No, I have always found her just, from the very first hour she met with me to the hour she left me"—he sent a letter to me the following day—he said he would not come any more—I could not tell him where she lived, because I did not know at that time—he wanted me, if I could tell him where she was, to come there for a few minutes—he wanted me to make some appointment—I said I could not tell, I knew where she was at work where I sent him, but she was only there for a day or two—in the course of that conversation, he said, "If I catch hold of her, she will repent it," he would lay his hand on her, and she would not forget it—I think the phrase was, "She will repent it," as near as I can say.





REBECCA LYNAM
. I am the wife of Robert Lynam, of Friars-street, Blackfriars-road; he sells tools. I heard of the death of the woman in Marylebone from a policeman who called on a Monday; I forget the date—ten days or a fortnight before that, I cannot be certain which, a man, who I believe to be the prisoner to the best of my belief, came and bought a flat file—on the same day, about twenty minutes afterwards, but I am not certain, he came back

and said the file did not answer his purpose, and wished me to change it—I said, "No, I shall not change it; because I do not think you bought it here"—he pulled something out of his pocket, and said, "Yes, I did; I b ought this at the same time to convince me that he bought the file there—he selected another file, a triangular one or three-cornered one; I think they call it a saw-file—this (produced) is the sort of file, and it is also of the same magnitude—we had several of the kind at one time, and we had one or two left at the time this was bought—to the best of my belief, it was the prisoner who changed the file—I have not sworn that it was him—there is the maker's name on this file, and on others that we have—we had one or two files in the shop with the maker's name on them after selling a similar file to this—the policeman took one of them away; this (produced) is it, because it has a broken point—the maker's name is Robinson—that is not my husband's name—I cannot say whether the file I sold was sharp of blank, but it was rusty, because we never clean any tools.

Cross-examined. Q. You have been asked about this mass a great number of times; who came and found you? A. A policeman came and asked me when I had sold files last—if the prisoner is the man, this is the file he first bought to the best of my belief (looking at one)—he bought a file that was not sharp at the top at all—he brought it back in about twenty minutes; I do not swear to the file or to the man—I did not notice any maker's name on the second file he bought before I sold it—I know now that the other files have got Robinson's name on them, but I had not looked previously—we are marine-store dealers—we had bought these with a lot of old files together—we do not take account of everything we buy—we do not look over them carefully to see if they are made by the same people—a good many people come to oar place—I speak to the prisoner to the best of my belief, by seeing him come back to change the file; if he is not the man I am very much deceived, and shall never again think of recognizing a person a second time—he was dressed similar to what the prisoner is now, fustian trowsers, a dark coat, and a hat—he was a man of middle height—I cannot recollect whether he paid 1 1/2 d. 2d. or 1d.—we sell everything that is brought to us—we have knives sometimes; I do not know whether we have any at the present moment.

COURT. Q. You deal in marine-stores? A. Yes; a person might bring a dozen odd files to me, and I should buy them—ours is not like an ironmonger's shop, where files and knives are bought by the gross or the dozen—we buy anything that cornea—we bought a lot of files of the same person, bat I cannot recollect who the person was—the file I ultimately sold the man was one bought of the same person—they were mixed with other tools—we pick them out—they were not put in brown paper together; we do not have anything in paper—they were brought like workmen's tools, like a man giving up business or leaving his employment—I do not know whether Robinson is a very common maker's name for tools—I should not have seen this, if my attention had not been called to it when the comparison was made by the policeman.





CHARLES RUSSELL
. I am a paper-hanger. I was at the door of Mr. Lynam's shop, when a man came to change a file—I did not take much notice of him—I cannot tell you how he was dressed—I did not see him come in; he was outside when I saw him—I cannot say whether the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not feel any certainty on the subject? A. No; I cannot tell how the man was dressed—he had a hat on—I did not notice his trowsers or coat—he was rather round in the shoulders—I slightly looked at him.


COURT. Q. What were you doing at the door? A. Hanging out some I things for Mrs. Lynam—the man went to the right-hand side of the shop, I where the files and tools were kept—I did not see him go into the shop or I come out—the things are all kept outside—I heard him say, "This file will I not do"—she said, "You did not buy it here," and he palled something else I out, and then I went inside the shop and left them outside—I had no occasion I to take particular notice of him and cannot swear he is the man.





JOSEPH CHURCH
 (policeman, D 129). On 8th Nov. I was on duty at the corner of North-street and South-street, Manchester-square, about 9 o'clock, I or as near as possible, and saw the prisoner at the corner of the Bedford Arms, having a glass of something; I think it was gin—he came out of the I house, and said to me, "Are you going to do anything in this?"—I said, I "In what?"—he said, "I have done a something"—his voice faltered very I much—I said, "What have you done?"—"OH," he said, "something between me and my wife"—I said, "What is it? where is it?"—he then I turned from me, and crossed to the other corner—he appealed to bare been I drinking—I do not think he was drunk—at the time be left me and crossed the road, the boy Blackstone—came up and made a communication to me; on which I went up to the prisoner, and said, "Will you go along with me?" "Oh, yes," he said—I west with him to 33, North-street—there was another constable coming after me—there was a box at the door of the house; and the prisoner said, "If it bad not been for these boxes," or "trunks, this would not have happened"—I took the prisoner into the parlour, left hint there in charge of another constable, went up to the back-room first-floor, and saw a woman lying, with her bead and shoulders on the fender, apparently; the landlady, and another person, were in the room at the time—I observed seven wounds on the deceased's face—there was much blood about the room—I found in the room these two halves of the handle of a file, one within a yard or two of the door, and the other by the fireplace; and I found a file in between the bars of the grate, sloping down between the bars—there was do fire—it was as if it had been thrown in there—it was resting on the cinders and the grate in this way—there are three or four bars, I will not be certain which—there was blood on the handle I picked up, and on the blade—this is the blade—I sent for a surgeon immediately—I found a cap in the fireplace—the point of the file was sharp, as it is now, when I found it—it appears to have been recently ground.





WILLIAM HORATIO GOFF
 (policeman, D 249). I assisted in taking the prisoner from the house, in North-street, to the station, on this charge—he said, "She, my wife, took a chisel, or something of the sort, to strike me with; I dragged it from her, and gave her the contents"—his right hand was covered with blood—his left hand was not so bad—there was blood on his chin—I conveyed him to the station, and found 4s. 1 1/2 d. on him—he asked me at the station several times whether his wife was dead—I told him I did not know—some one was sent from the station to North—street to inquire—I afterwards heard a policeman named Jackson state, in the prisoner's hearing, that she was dead; on which I understood him to say, "Lord Christ Almighty!"—he said, "I have a boy in bed at a public-house; little does he think I have murdered his mother!"—he said, "I have a daughter, a prostitute on the town; who would have thought I had the heart to have done it? I wish I was going to be hung to-morrow at 8 o'clock"—this was on Saturday night—he then said, "No, at this present moment."

Cross-examined. Was the expression he used, "He little thinks I have murdered his mother?" did he use the expression "murdered"? A.


"Killed," or "murdered;" I could swear more to. "killed" than to the other—I searched him, and found this apron in his right-hand pocket, this cap in his left pocket, a broken pair of spectacles, and 4s. 1 1/4 d.—it was Church who found the file.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
JOSEPH CHURCH. Q. You searched the room where the file was found, did you not? A. Yes; I found no other tools of any kind—I searched so as to know whether there were any—I looked into the cupboards.





ROBERT JACKSON
. I was inspector on duty at the station on Saturday night, 8th Nov.—I remember the prisoner being brought there by Goff—he was decidedly under the influence of drink—I sent some one to the house in North-street to see whether the woman was alive—intelligence was brought back that she was dead—on my telling the prisoner that his wife was dead, he rose himself to his full height, put both hands to his head, and Raid, "God, dead! dead! God Christ Almighty!"—he laid his head on the edge of the dock, and was excessively agitated for several minutes—when he recovered a little, he said, "Oh! that you could kill me now, but you have not the power; oh! that I could be hung this moment, but thank God I am now at rest"—while he was being searched, he said, "It is too late now, or I would have provided myself with a something, and then I should have saved you and everybody else trouble; I did not think I should lose it"—he was locked up in the cell at night; a constable named Hall was placed with him—I have got the victorine, it is pierced in several places in the right breast and shoulder, and other places, by a triangular hole.

Cross-examined. Q. Had anything been said about the file? A. Decidedly so; it had been shown to him—I did not hear him say he had wrenched the file from his wife's hand—it was about half-past 9 o'clock when he was brought to the station—he made use of the last expression at about a quarter past 11.





JOHN HALL
 (policeman, D 64). I was appointed to stay with the prisoner at the station, on the night on which he was taken—I was locked up in the cell with him—he was put in the cell a little after 10 o'clock, and in about 5 minutes he began to speak to me—the inspector ordered me to remain with him, and be careful to have nothing to say to him, but whatever he said I was to notice—he asked me if his wife was dead; I said, "Yes; you have been told by the inspector your wife is dead"—he said, "Well, I done it, and this is the arm that done it," lifting up his right arm—he said afterwards, anyone that would take the life of another ought to be served the same; he should neither employ counsel or Judge, but should plead guilty—he also said that if it had not been for the boy who directed him to the house it never would have happened—he said, in bringing the big box out of the room his wife got hold of him, turned round to him, and said, "Now, old fellow, you have not got all;" that he then immediately turned round and struck her, or attacked her; I think he said struck her.

Q. You have been examined before; was not what he said this: "If it had not been for the boy showing me where the boxes were, this would not have happened?" A. "Where the house was," he did not say anything about the boxes.

Cross-examined. Q. A man's life may depend on words, you know; just recollect yourself, were not the words he said, or at all events the words you attribute to him, "If it had not been for the boy showing me where the boxes were, it would not have happened?" A. That is right, Sir—no, that is wrong, "Where the house was"—I take upon myself to swear the expression

was, "Where the house was," not "Where the boxes Were—I swear it is not as you have put it to me, because he would not have known the house if it had not been for the boy.

COURT. Q. What did he say; he said it never would hate happened if what? A. If it had not been for the boy showing him where the house was, not where the boxes were, because the boy could not tell—his expression was, that it never would have happened if the boy had not shown him where the house was.

Q. Did he say, "If it had not been for the boy directing me where the boxes were, it never would have happened?" A. Yes; it was inspector Jackson that desired me to be in the cell—he is here.





NATHANIEL DAVIDSON
. I am a surgeon. On 8th Nov., between 8 and 9 I o'clock, I was called to 33, North-street—I went up to the back-room, firstfloor, and found a woman there quite dead; blood was flowing from various wounds in her face, neck, and other parts of her body—I observed I six or seven wounds on her face, there were sixteen wounds in front of I the body altogether, which I counted, and from afterwards seeing the I pelisse she wore, there must have been more—about nine of the wounds I were on the body—they were all done by the same instrument; they I were every one of a triangular shape—such an instrument as this tile I would have inflicted them—I opened the body afterwards—the wound I mast have penetrated to the back part of the throat, fracturing the bone in its progress—it pierced the angle of the eye, fracturing the bone—it was I not high enough to touch any portion of the brain—it would require very considerable force to fracture the bone there—the first rib was fractured—the most serious wound was on the first rib, on the left side, a short distance from the breast bone—it passed through the large pulmonary artery leading from the heart; that wound of itself was quite sufficient to have calked death—the wound was just the size of the file—the hemorrhage from that artery would make death certain.

Cross-examined. Q. You examined her body carefully? A. Yes I did not observe any bruises on her body, except a considerable bruise on the angle of the left eye, where there was a punctured wound—I did not see any bruise where there was no wound—I think I must have seen them if there had been, for I examined the forepart of the body very minutely—the cause of death was so obvious I did not enter into minute anatomy—I did not examine the back part; I judge of the wounds there by the tippet.

COURT. Q. Did you first make an external examination before you used the knife to the body? A. I examined the wounds in the face first—I did that minutely, and also the head and trunk; but until I opened the body I could not tell whether the pulmonary artery was cut—I discovered on bruises except those that were round the different wounds.





MARY HANS
. I come here from the Marylebone Infirmary. I knew the deceased—she lodged in the same room with me at Brooks-gardens, and moved with me to the room in North-street—nobody but us lived in that room—she got her living by going to work with me at feather bonnets", in Wigmore-street—she was, I think, about forty years of age, about my own age—she was a little taller than me, but not much—I do not think she was a very strong woman—I never saw such a thing as this file in the room at North-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you anything to do with this woman leaving her husband? A. Nothing; I did not tell her fortune, or anything of that kind—I never did such a thing as that—I have known her since the latter end of Sept. or Oct.—a man named Thompson came to visit her—I have

never said to her, nor to anybody, that Thompson would be her stem; husband—Thompson came once, about half-past 8 o'clock, or later than that—three times was all that ever be came—a friend of mine had laid his wife out, and nursed his child—I have not seen the deceased working at wood or boxes—I never saw her at work, except on the work she took in.

COURT. Q. Did you see Thompson at North-street? A. Yes; we never saw him till we went to North-street, and then he came to tell Mrs. Bare about her husband—he staid half or three-quarters of an hour—I was in the room all the time—he called three times in North-street, and saw her three time—I was present each time—I observed no familiarity whatever between them—he did not kiss her, or put his arms round her waist, or treat her improperly; quite the reverse—he only treated her with common friendship.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You used to visit her, did you not, before she left her husband? A. Never but once; no, I beg your pardon, twice—on one of those occasions I saw the prisoner's daughter there—I did not tell bet fortune, nor did I tell her mother's at the same time—I hardly know the girl—I do not know whether I have seen her here to-day—I have had quarrel with her—she threatened my life, but I was not aware of it at the time; and yesterday she attacked me in the office.

COURT
to
MRS. LYNAM. Q. Take that file to your band; was the file in that condition when you sold it? A. No, Sir; rusty, as I stated before—it was rusty all over, at both ends—I sold it without a handle.

JURY. Q. Can you swear it was not ground at the point? A. It was not ground, but it was not broken—we sold it in a rusty state all over—it was not polished at the end, as it is now.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






JOHN TAYLOR
. I am a master tobacco-pipe manufacturer. I have known the prisoner twenty-three years—he worked for me the last work he did—he is a humane and peaceable man.

COURT. Q. Do you know anything of this large file? A. We use such at this in pipe-making, for our instruments, and for moulds, and differed articles we work with, but we do not use such files as the smaller one.
(James Hillier, William Taylor, of Richmond, William Snell, James Wood, and James Kennerly, all tobacco-pipe makers, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
of manslaughter.
 Aged 43.—


Transported for Life.

