



1361. 




ANN BROWN
, 

stealing 1 night-shirt, and other articles, value 2s. 2d.; the goods of 



Catharine Parsons: having been before convicted.






ELIZABETH BIGWELL
. I am the wife of Francis Bigwell. On 20th May, I was at my sister's, Catharine Paraons, in Ironmonger-row, St. Luke's—she went out about 8 o'clock to fetch a loaf for breakfast—while she was gone

the prisoner came—I said my sister was not at home—she said, "I know she is; she is in bed"—she pushed the door open, and came past me into the room—she commenced taking down a dress which was behind the door—I prevented her—she said, "I want something to pawn, and I know your sister will let me have it"—I said, "You had better wait till she comes in"—she took a night-shirt, a piece of patchwork, a bottle, and a shawl, folded them up, put them in her apron, and ran down-stairs—I was in the room only partly dressed.





CATHARINE PARSONS
. I am a widow, and live in Ironmonger-row. I went out on this morning—I might be gone about ten minutes—when I came back I missed a shawl, a quilt, a night-shirt, and a bottle—they were mine—I knew the prisoner by the description my sister gave me—she had robbed me before—I went to look for her, but did not find her—I afterwards found her going into a public-house with my shawl on her back, and one of her own shawls over it—I took my shawl from her, and charged her with having taken the night-shirt and quilt—she had some halfpence in her hand, and I said, "I suppose the money you have got is what you sold my things for?"—she said what she had got neither I nor anybody else should have; the gin-shop should have it—I gave her in charge—this is my shawl—I never gave her authority to pawn these things.





THOMAS WALDEN
 (policeman, A 692). I took the prisoner—she said the things had been given her to pawn.





JOHN SMITH
 (policeman, G 79). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted, March, 1849; confined three months)—she is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

