




413. 




JAMES TOWNSHEND SAWARD
 and 




JAMES ANDERSON
 were indicted for

feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 100l.; with intent to defraud.


SIR FREDERICK THESIGER., with
MESSRS. BODKIN. and
SLEIGH., conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY ATWELL
. I am at present a prisoner in Newgate, under sentence of transportation for life—I was convicted here a few Sessions since of the crime of forgery, with a person of the name of Hardwicke—I know Saward and Anderson—I became acquainted with Saward first—I was introduced to him by a person of the name of Saunders, a scalemaker and smith, in the Old-street road—it is now turned twelve months back since that introduction took place—it was in the year 1855—it is now about thirteen months back, I think—I had at that time in my possession three cancelled cheques, and two blank cheques—I received them from a person; I believe they came from a burglary—they were afterwards torn up—they were drawn on Barclay's bank by a person in Brick-lane, of the name of Doe, I think—I had some conversation with Saunders on the subject of those cheques, in consequence of which I appointed to meet him again, and did meet him again soon afterwards at his own house—Saward was present when I met him the second time—I had never seen Saward before—Saunders gave me the cheques that I had left with him, and then I showed them to Saward; Saunders said, "That is the person I mentioned to you"—Saward and I had some very trifling conversation inside; I came out with him from Saunders's, and he asked me then if I knew where they came from; I told him I believed they came from a burglary at a person's of the name of Doe, in Spitalfields; he said he should like to know where the person was, and who he was; and if I would go with him he should feel obliged—I went with him as far as Doe's place—before we went there Saward said that the two cheques that were not cancelled were to be filled up, to be forged—he said he had a man who he called his sender, who would send them to the bank when they were filled up—Mr. Doe's

premises are in Brick-lane, Spitalfields—on seeing the premises he said that it was a very small place; he did not think he should be able to get much money from them—I then left him—I gave the cheques to Saward—he took them all five—I had an appointment to meet him a short time afterwards, and he met me, and told me that he had them all ready on a certain day—on the day that we went to see Doe's premises I made an appointment to meet him another time, I met him, to the best of my belief, a little above Old—street road first, that was the time before, before the cheques were sent, and I then had an appointment to meet him in the New-road, Spitalfields, to the best of my belief, where he then introduced the two cheques that I had given him in blank, filled up—it was on the second occasion that be brought the cheques—I believe those (produced) to be the two cheques that were in blank, and which he brought to me on the second occasion that I met him—when he produced them he said he had filled them up, and he showed me the three that were cancelled, to compare with the two that he had filled up; he asked me if I thought they were a very good imitation—I said "Yes," to the best of my belief; I looked at them all—after I had examined and compared the three cancelled cheques with the other two, he said these were of no use, and we tore them up.
(The two cheques were here ready they were dated 9th and 10th Jan., and were for 46l. 15s. 6d. 95l. 17s. 6d., and were signed J. B. Doe, jun.; payable at Barclay's)—after the other cheques had been destroyed I went into the neighbourhood of Leman-street, Whitechapel, with Saward; three other persons were with him—one of them was Anderson, whom he called his sender, and two other persons not in custody—we then went into a house near Leman-street, where Anderson bad taken lodgings, and wrote a letter to some person—I did not go into the house—Anderson went in, no one else—he told me he had written a letter for a person to come—this was on the day that the cheque was sent to the bankers—the lodging was taken, and the letter was written unbeknown to me—he told me that be bad done it before; it was not done that day—he did not say where he had written it to; he said he had written it to a man who advertises generally in the papers for a situation—whilst we were in Leman-street a young man came to the same house were the lodgings were taken—I do not know his name; I should know the young man—(The witness Draper was here called in)—I believe that is the young man that came there that morning—when he came Anderson was to give him this cheque to go to the bankers; I was to follow him there to see whether the money was paid; I did so, and saw the money paid—it was the smallest cheque of the two, for 40l. odd—I saw him receive the money at Barclay's—when he had received the money he came straight down to Leman-street—I followed him back to the lodging—the arrangement made by Anderson was, that a man who went with me to know whether the money was paid, was to run back and tell him; Anderson would not be in the lodging at the time, be would come out after he had given the man the cheque, and he was to go back and tell him whether the money was paid—I sent a message through that man that the money was paid—when I got back to Leman-street I found Anderson in the house—the money was given to Anderson; I believe he brought it out with him—the young man then went away—I did not hear anything said to him by Anderson—I and Anderson then went to a public house in the neighbourhood of Spitalfields, and stopped some little time, and had a glass of something to drink; and from there we went to the Eastern Counties Railway, where he proposed to meet another person to take the other cheque—that

was the same day—Saward was with us all day—when I returned on the cheque being paid, Saward was in Leman-street, not with Anderson, Anderson was inside, and Saward outside—we all joined, and went together to the Eastern Counties—the money was given to Saward by Anderson before we went to the Eastern Counties—the gold was shared, and the notes were given to Saward—there were five of us there; Anderson, Saward, and two other persons—one man they commonly called Fred and the other Tom; I do not know them by any other names—the notes were given to Saward—he said he would keep them until the other cheque was sent, to see if it was paid—we then went to the Eastern Counties Railway—I there saw another young man—I do not know his name—I should know him—(Edward Brown was here called in)—that is the young man—Anderson spoke to him, took him into a sort of public house, and there gave him a cheque for 90l. odd—he was to take it to the bankers and get it cashed as the other man had done—at this time Saward was waiting outside, in the neighbourhood; I followed this young man to the banking house, as I had done the other—the cheque was paid, and I followed the young man back—at first he was going over London Bridge instead of going back to the Eastern Counties—I went and tapped him on the shoulder, and told him I thought he was going the, wrong way—he said that he was only going over to his master to inquire about his character; he did not mean anything dishonest—he turned round and came the right way, and gave the money to Anderson, right opposite Spital-square—I can hardly say whether it was in the street, or whether Anderson took him into a house; if it was in a house it was just round the corner—I think he did take him into a house, but I saw him give him the money—I saw Saward there; he was on the opposite side of the way—as Anderson was coming down one side Saward was coming down on the other—I had sent a message this time, the same as before, to say that it was all right—we then went into the neighbourhood of the Hackney-road—we went into a public house, and Saward took the notes to try and dispose of them for gold; to sell them; I mean the last notes as well as the first—he said he would go and try and sell them to a person that he knew—he mentioned a person of the name of Hall, to the best of my belief—I do not recollect Hall's Christian name being mentioned—Saward left us for that purpose, and took the notes with him—he was gone about an hour, or an hour and a quarter—when he came back he brought us so much gold for the notes—I believe the cost of them was about 8l. 10s. for each of the 10l. notes—we then shared the money—it was put up in sixes—there were five of us there—I took a share for bringing the papers, and that I gave the person of the name of Saunders a part of, for the introduction—I had somewhere about 30l. or 40l., I think—I had two shares, because I had the papers—we then separated—Saward told me if I should ever have anything of that kind I was to let him know, and he said he would let me know—I gave him my address where I lived in Cottage-lane, and he said he would write to me, or I might always find him through Mr. Saunders—he did not give me his address at the time—I was then living in Cottage-lane—I went by the name of Hawkes—a female was living with me as my wife—her name is Elizabeth Evans, I believe—I lived with her a little better than two years, I think—I have an aunt of the name of Elizabeth Haydon—she occasionally used to visit me at Cottage-lane—Saward came to me in Cottage-lane about two months after the transaction at Barclay's, I think, or it might be less; I cannot speak to the time—I saw him more than once there, I believe—I saw him twice in Cottage-lane—I

remember the presentation of the cheque at Smith, Payne, and Smith's—he called at my place on that day—he said that he had some business on hand, and if I wished to join in, as I had done before, I could come; which I agreed to do—he showed me some cheques—(looking at some) these are them—they are nine cancelled cheques—they are signed by a person of the name of Ash—he also showed me this one (looking at it)—this is a cheque for 91l. on the same bankers, and in the same name of Ash—he said that was to be sent to the bankers, in the same way of business as the one to Barclay's—I compared this with the cancelled cheques, and said I thought it appeared very perfect—he did not tell me then how he had got these cheques, but I believe I heard afterwards how they were got; they were the produce of a burglary—he told me that there was a place taken in Oakley-crescent, City-road, I think—he said the same person as before was going to present this cheque; Anderson, the sender; and I was to follow the man to the bankers in the same way—he left the cancelled cheques at my place for me to take care of—I then met Anderson out in the road—Saward was with me—we all went to a public house in the neighbourhood of the City-road, and then Anderson dressed up for the occasion, as he used to do—he wore a wig; sometimes he would wear whiskers, and sometimes not—I did not go with him to Oakleycrescent—I was waiting in the neighbourhood—I saw a young man come there—(The witness Humphreys was here called in)—I believe he looks something like the young man—he went to the lodging in Oakley-crescent, where Anderson was—he was sent at first on some errand to the railway at Camden Town—I waited in the neighbourhood until lie came back—Anderson went into the lodging before he returned—the young man then came out, and went in the direction of the City—I followed him—I saw him present the cheque at Smith, Payne, and Smith's—it was not paid—on that, I came back, and met the other persons, who were outside—I sent them on, and then I came on myself, and told them it was stopped—(The cheque was here read, dated 21 Feb., 1856, for 91l., drawn by Charles F. Ash, on Smith, Payne, and Smith)—at the time these nine cancelled cheques were deposited with me by Saward, I was in the front room of my house, in Cottage-lane—I then had the whole of that house—Elizabeth Evans came into the room whilst this was being done—a sheet of paper was left at the same time—this (produced) is it—I received it from Saward, at the same time—(This was stated to be a sheet of blank cheques upon the North Western Bank of England)—they all continued in my custody for some time—Saward asked me to take care of them; they would come in very useful—I gave the cancelled cheques and this sheet of paper to Elizabeth Evans, to take care of them for me; to put them where I might know where to find them at any time—they continued under her care until I was taken into custody—after this, Saward left a letter with my brother one evening, stating that I was to meet him—I did meet him—I believe he called at my place the next morning, and told me that he had received a book of cheques from a banker's at the corner of the Haymarket, which they had sent for, that they had taken some lodgings, and they wished me to go and follow the young man to the banker's, as I had done before, with some of the cheques out of that book; I agreed to that—I followed three young men, each with a separate cheque—one was sent from the neighbourhood of Park-street, Camden Town, and the other two from the neighbourhood of St. John's Wood-lodgings were taken for the purpose, in the same way as before—(The witness Bowells was here called in)—I cannot say that that is

the young man that went from Park-street—I have no doubt he is, but I cannot swear it; I cannot call his features to mind—soon after this, I saw Saward about a bill of exchange—I remember a lodging being taken in Cumberland-street, Hackney-road—Saward said that he had a bill ready filled up, which he wished to try upon the bankers, and I was to go with them and get a lodging—I met them against Shoreditch Church; Saward, Anderson, and another person—Anderson went and took a lodging in Cumberland-street—I waited in the neighbourhood—Saward did not show me the bill that day—he did the next day—I believe this to be the bill—(This was a bill for 386l. 17s. 10d., dated Jan. 15, 1856, at three months, payable to W. F. Jennings and Co., addressed, "Samuel Dobree, 6, Tokenhouse-yard, London;" accepted at Hankers, for Samuel Dobree and Sons, Thomas Gray)—this bill was sent from Cumberland-street by Anderson—he was then dressed the same as he usually was, with a wig—I do not know whether he had false whiskers then or not—the young man was despatched from there with that bill—that is the young man (looking at Wigzell)—I followed him to Hankey's bank, and saw him present the bill—it was not paid—upon that I went to a coffee house, in Shoreditch, where I found Saward and Anderson—I told them the bill was not paid, and we separated—I had seen something written on the back of the bill that day, in the coffee house, by Saward, before it was sent—the bill was detained, it did not come back—I do not know exactly what it was that Saward wrote; it was some little trifling thing—the date of the month was generally put to them on the day they were dated, making them due that day; otherwise, if they were dated before, I have heard him say they would not be payable at all, provided they were negligent as to the date—I believe he wrote nothing except the day of the month—In April last I went to the office of Mr. Turner, a solicitor, in Bed lion-square—that was in consequence of an arrangement made by Saward, myself, Anderson, and another person—Saward gave me an I O U, which I was to take to Mr. Turner, and give him instructions to write for payment, for the purpose of getting a cheque of Mr. Turner's, after the money was paid—I went to the office with the I O U, and instructed Mr. Turner, or his clerk, to proceed to recover the payment of that money—I described myself to Mr. Turner as Mr. Hunter—Saward suggested that name to me—he said, as the debt I applied for was under 50l., I might give the name of Hunter; that Mr. Turner should write the letters "Hun," which would be half of the word "Hundred," and so get the cheque from him in order to forge others—Mr. Hesp was the name of the supposed debtor—I do not recollect the address; I know the place very well; it is in the neighbourhood of the New-road—Anderson took a lodging there, for the purpose of having the letters to Mr. Hesp addressed there—I advanced, I think, 40l. in money for the payment of this debt—my brother took it to Mr. Turner's—I gave it to him—a few days afterwards I called at Mr. Turner's, and his clerk paid me the money in cash—I saw Saward afterwards, and told him—he said, "We cannot help it; it must stand over till another time; we must try it again"—About this time I became acquainted with Hardwicke—Saward first mentioned Hard-wicke to me—he told me that he had an old friend of his that he had known many years; that he was going to meet him, and he would introduce me to him; that he had come from Australia, and had some business to do—I went with Saward and Anderson to Farringdon-market, and met Hardwicke—we went into a public house, and had a glass of something to drink, and some little conversation passed between us

about having some papers—we met again that same evening, at a house in the Southwark-bridge-road, Hardwicke, Saward, Anderson, and myself—we had something to drink, and we had something to eat that evening—they had no cooked victuals in the house—we asked the landlord whether he had anything cooked; he said, "No," but he would send out and get us something; he did so, and got some boiled beef ready cooked; in consequence of that we always called that house "The beef house"—we met several times afterwards at that house, Hardwicke being one of the party—on one occasion of our being there Hardwicke produced this bill (looking at one) with some others; all the other persons were present when he produced it; he had some blank forms that he had brought from Australia, and a forgery was to be committed by copying this; the bill and the other papers were given to Saward; these (produced) are some of the blank forms, this one was in blank—the whole of the papers were given to Saward—Saward afterwards told me that he had the bills ready to present at the bankers; we were then at the same house, the beef house—we were all present—he did not produce any that evening; he told me there were two bills, one for 1, 000l., and I believe the other was to be for 900l.; but I saw nothing of them on that occasion—I saw the 1, 000l. bill on the morning it was presented at the bank—this is it (produced)—(The 200l. bill was here read; it was dated Hobart Town, Feb. 16, 1856, payable to the order of Mr. William Crosby and Co., at Messrs. Heywood's. The 1, 000l. bill was dated Hobart Town, Jan. 18, 1856, payable to the order of Mr. F. R. T. Riley, at Heywood and Co.'s, with the following receipt written on it: "Received per Heywood and Co. F. R. Riley.")—About this time I happened to be at a hatter's, in Bread-street, Cheapeide, with Hardwicke and Anderson—whilst we were there a young man came in to ask if they knew of a situation—(the witness Clemence was here called in)—that is the young man—he was told that they did not know of one, and he went out—Hardwicke followed him out, and spoke to him—he came back and told us that the young man was out of a situation, and that he was a very likely man to suit Anderson to go to the bankers to take the bill that was to be presented—this was told to Saward—Saward was not there at that time, I believe we met in the evening at the beef house, as we called it; it was there arranged that a letter should be addressed to this young man, and I believe Hardwicke went to him, and left a letter at his house—an apartment was taken in a turning out of the Kingsland-road—Anderson there assumed the name of Riley—we met that morning at a public house in Old-street—road; afterwards we met in Inglefield-road—we got there rather early, I suppose about 9 o'clock in the morning—I believe the sign of the house was the Inglefield Arms, but I am not positive, I know it was some Arms—it is a largish house with a small bit of grass plot in front, and stabling, and coach house at the back—the rooms were not ready for customers, and a female came in to make some apology about the house being dirty, and not being cleared up—Hardwicke produced a 20l. note at that house; pen and ink was brought by the servant I believe, or a female; Hardwicke gave it to Saward, and he wrote an address upon it—this is the note (produced)—this is what Saward wrote, "R. Riley, No. 2, De Beauvoir-place, Kingsland-road"—that was the place where the lodgings were taken by Anderson in the name of Riley—Clemence was to go into the City to get the note cashed; it was a sort of trial, to see whether he was capable of going right for the 1, 000l. bill—he was sent to get the note changed, and to bring two 10s. bill stamps from the City—Clemence came there and was dispatched with the note—I saw him

return, he brought the two stamps with him—Anderson sent Clemence out, I believe to go and get some refreshment, while he brought the stamps to Saward—we were still at the public house; Saward took one of the stamps and placed it on the back of the 1, 000l. bill, and wrote the address across the stamp—the change for the 20l. note was given to Anderson, and he gave it to Hardwicke, it was Hardwicke's note; the other 10s. stamp was given to me to take care of—I kept it, it was in my pocket book; this is it (produced)—when the stamp was put on, and the 1, 000l. bill was ready, Anderson took it from the public house—he was then dressed, and had his wig on—Clemence was sent with the bill—I followed him, I rode down on the same bus with him to the City—Hardwicke and Saward also went in the neighbourhood of the banking house, not to the bank—Anderson was to wait at a public house in Bishopsgate churchyard, or passage, whilst the bill was being presented—Clemence went to Heywood's bank, I do not know whether it is in Lombard-street, it is on the same side of the way as the Mansion House, in King William-street, I think—I saw him go in with the bill—Saward was at that time waiting under the clock, right opposite, not the clock that sticks out, but the one under the archway, in King William-street, near the old Post-office—Hardwicke followed the young man into the banking house—soon after, Hardwicke came out and gave me a sort of signal, and I went in directly after him—I saw that the money was stopped; it had been paid to the young man by the appearance, but I could see by the finish of it that the money was being taken back—I then came out and went away with Saward and Hardwicke—I saw Saward outside in the passage—I went to him and told him that the money was not paid, and we all went to Anderson at the public house in Biahopsgate Churchyard, where he was supposed to be waiting till our return—we waited there some little time, and then separated—after this I employed Mr. Turner again, in the same way as before—I think T went there on the Monday as the bill foiled on the Saturday—we met at a public house, I believe in Duke-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields, to arrange the second application to Mr. Turner—Anderson, myself Saward, and Hardwicke were there, and another person who had the blanks, those that were written out, forged—an I O U was then written—I cannot call to my recollection now the name of the supposed debtor in that case, there have been so many different names—I believe Hart was the name—I went to Mr. Turner's and gave instructions in the same way; the debt was 103l., I think, I cannot tell exactly—a lodging was taken by Anderson for the supposed Mr. Hart, in the New-road, near St. Pancras Churc—a few days after the 103l. was advanced by Hardwicke—he sent it to Mr. Turner by some person—a few days after it had been sent, I called at Mr. Turner's—I still kept the name of Hunter—they told me that the debt had been paid, but Mr. Turner was not within when I called in the morning—on calling again, I got a cheque, this is it (produced), and this is the receipt I signed—(The cheque teas dated, June, 24th, 1856, on Gosling and Sharp, for 103l. 8s. 10d., signed Alfred Turner. The receipt was of same date, and signed H. Hunter.")—Mr. Turner wrote me the cheque, and I brought it out and gave it to Saward—he took it away for a short time, and brought it back in about an hour and a half, to the public house in Duke-street—he did not produce any other cheque at that time; he said he would get the blank cheques from the person who had them; that was the person who was with him that morning, but he had not got them with him—I was told that those cheques were got out of Mr. Turner's pocket book by robbery—Saward

returned me the cheque that I had received from Mr. Turner; I took it to the banker's, and got the money; I received a 100l. note; I gave it to Havdwicke, it was his money—About this time several letters were written to persons who advertised for situations; among them was one near Moruington-crescent—I saw the young man that came there—Anderson had taken a lodging there, I do not remember in what name just now; he was to meet him at the University Hotel, in Tottenham Court Road; I do not remember the day—I, and Anderson, and Saward, met together the first thing that morning, at a public house in the neighbourhood of the New-road, Hardwicke waiting in the neighbourhood of the banking house to see whether the young man came, because it was some distance—Saward produced a cheque—I believe this to be the one—(This was a cheque for 410l. 7s. 4d., dated 28th June, 1856, on Gosling and Sharp, signed Alfred Turner)—the cheque was given to Anderson, to give to the young man, to take to the bank—I was to watch the young man to the bank—I saw the young man leave the University Hotel, and go to the bank—I followed him—(the witness Hardy was called in)—I believe that to be the young man—Hardwicke went inside the banking house whilst the young man was there; I did not go in—it had been arranged that if the young man came out, I was to follow him—I followed him back to Mornington-crescent; as he was going along, he was stopped by Anderson, and I saw him hand the money to Anderson; I did not hear what passed—we subsequently met at a public house near the Haymarket Theatre, I, Anderson, and Saward, and the other man that was with us; Hardwicke was not there—we waited some time for Hardwicke, but he did not come; we then went to a coffee house in the neighbourhood of the Blackfriars-road, I do not remember the sign; it was leading up the Elephant and Castle way, in the same road; Saward said he knew where he could find Hardwicke if he was at home, and he went and fetched him—eight 50l. notes were then produced, and some gold, the difference of the cheque for 410l. 17s. 4d.—Hardwicke had the notes; he gave cash for them at the time; he gave 35l. for each 50l. note—the money was divided into five parts, for me, Saward, Anderson, Hardwicke, and the other person not in custody; he had a share because he found the three blank cheques; he had produced them, and given them to Saward; he had them from Mr. Turner; he picked his pocket, I believe; he was considered entitled to a fifth share—Hardwicke and I then went to Hamburg with the 50l. notes, and got them changed there—In Aug. last I remember a transaction of the same kind at Hankey's bank; Hardwicke received a check from some one who I do not know, for a small amount of money; he showed it to Saward, Saward said that he had some blanks which would fit it—we met by appointment at the house in Bishopsgate-churchyard, where we had met before; I Saward, Hardwicke, and Anderson, attended that meeting; it was on a Saturday—Saward then produced some cheques (looking at three cheques, one for 60l., and two for 100l., signed Daniel Baldwin)—these are what he produced—he said that Anderson was to take them, one of them which he gave him first, for 50l. to the White Hart, in Bishopsgate street, and send the boots from there with it—the did so—Saward was to be at the Magpie, in Bishopsgate-street—we all four went to the Magpie, and there arranged our business, in the back parlour—I was to watch the man to the banker's, as I did before; I do not know his name—I should know the young man; that is him (looking at Mitchenton)—I went to the banker's after him—I did not see the cheque paid, Hardwicke saw the first cheque paid; I was outside the

bank—I saw the young man come out, and followed him back—when I got to the Magpie, Anderson and Saward were there—we told them that the cheque was paid, and Anderson went over to the White Hart, and received the money from the young man, and brought it over to the Magpie; it consisted of three 10l. notes, and the rest in gold—I took those three 10l. notes to Mr. Baum's, in Leadenhall-street, and got Napoleons for them—I wrote the name of Hunter on the back of the notes—these are them (produced)—I brought the Napoleons back to the Magpie; Saward, Anderson, and Hardwicke, were there—I gave the gold to Saward—another cheque for 100l. was then given to Anderson, one of these, to go to the Four Swans, and the porter of the Four Swans was sent with it by Anderson; I followed him; and saw that it was paid; the other cheque was not sent that day, it was too late—we had 150l. that day altogether—Hardwicke took a portion of the notes that were received for the 100l. cheque, at 8l. 10s. each note—the money was equally shared among us, Saward taking a portion something more than the rest for finding the blanks, as he called them—we met again on the Monday, against Gregory's Hotel, in Cheapside; it was arranged that the other 100l. cheque should be sent from there—I did not go into Gregory'a myself, no one but Anderson went in there; we went to a house somewhere at the bottom of Wood-street, Cheapside; I do not know the sign of the house, but it is something of a booking office as well as a public house; it was arranged that I and Hardwicke were to go and watch the young man who took the 100l. cheque from Gregory's—(looking at Richard Sounders) I believe that is the young man—we went to the public house in Wood-street before the cheque was sent, me, Anderson, Saward, and Hardwicke were there—I believe some money was given to me there, money passed to me; it was Hardwicke's money, I believe Hardwicke gave it to me—Saward was present; it was 50l.—I cannot say who gave me the money, but Saward was present, whether I received it out of Saward's hands or Hardwicke's, it was Hardwicke's money I know; they were both present—it was given to me for the purpose of going into the banker's with, so that if I was asked what business I had there, I should pay in that money to go into the country, upon the cheque being stopped—Anderson took the 100l. cheque, and the young man took it from Gregory's Hotel; it was not paid—I directly returned to Wood-street—I found Anderson and Saward there—I told them what had happened—Soon after this I went to Yarmouth with Hardwicke; he had a cheque on a bank there—Saward was aware of our going to Yarmouth—Hardwicke went somewhere about a week before I did, I joined him there—he went by the name of Ralph, I went by the name of Attwood—at Yarmouth I employed several solicitors to write for debts, as I had Mr. Turner; I went to Yarmouth for that purpose—I went to the offices of Mr. Chamberlain, Messrs. Reynolds and Palmer, and Mr. Preston, and to Miller and Son, of Norwich—the names of the debtors in London to whom I directed them to write were, I believe, Mr. Dixon and Mr. Jones—Anderson had arranged to take places in London to receive the letters that should be sent—(looking at three letters) I received these letters from Saward, in London; I came up to London with Hardwicke to pay the money into the banker's here—I went and paid in some at the Royal British Bank, in Threadneedle-street, and I believe Anderson paid in some money at Barclay's; I did not see him pay it in, he went with Hardwicke—he told me when he came back that he had paid it in; it was something over 100l. for the debts—upon that day we dined together at the bottom

of Queen-street, I, Saward, Anderson, and Hardwicke; we had some chops and potatoes for dinner; I think it was on a Thursday or Friday, but I cannot say—on that occasion I saw Saward write these three letters (producect); he wrote them in my presence; we were all four together—these letters were sent to the persons at Yarmouth and Norwich—soon after this I was taken into custody.





WILLIAM SALT HARDWICKE
. I am now a prisoner in Newgate, under sentence of transportation for life. Many years ago I was sentenced to a term of transportation for felony from Brecon; I expiated a crime that I never committed; I was transported to Van Diemen's Land—I established myself in business at Hobart Town—after the expiration of my term of transportation I returned to England, and continued to return about every three years—I have known Saward from twenty-four to twenty-six years, perhaps a little longer, I cannot confine myself to a year or two—I had known him some years previous to my first conviction for felony—on my occasional visits to this country from Van Diemen's Land, I used to see Saward from time to time—this day twelve months I took my passage at Melbourne, and arrived here on 26th May last—I and my wife took lodgings in Nelson-square, Blackfriars-road—shortly afterwards I met Saward in Suffolk-street, Borough—he met me with astonishment, and asked me how long I had been in England—I said some time; I did not satisfy him at first how long I had been here—he said, "How is it you have never called upon me?"—I said, "I never intended to call, from the manner in which you have treated me, I never intend to call upon you again"—he said, "Oh! never mind, old fellow, we will pay up all arrears, and we will go together, and get some money; I will put your passage money into your pocket again"—we drank together, and next day, or a few days after, I met him by appointment in Farringdon Market—he said that he would introduce me to the parties that he was then working with; I did not know their names at that time—I was introduced to them in June, in Farringdon Market, and we afterwards drank together at the Coach and Horses; I was introduced to Anderson and Atwell—Atwell was known by the name of Hawkes at that time; he was called Harry, Anderson was called Bob.—I subsequently met Anderson and Atwell at a house in Guildford-street, Southwark, which we called the beef house—when I came from Australia, I brought with me a bill of exchange for 200l., and others; this is one of them (produced)—I had about l, 200l. in Treasury bills; and I had some blank forms of bills with me—I had to draw on a house for 100l., and took the blank forms with me, but when I arrived there they had got the bills already drawn to accommodate me, so that I should not be delayed in going on board the ship, so I brought the blank bills to England with me—I met Saward at the beef house, and showed him what I had, and he said he thought some business might be done with them; we could go into business—I gave him the bill to take a copy from it for the purpose of taking Stephen's name off—I saw him on the following day, and he returned me the bill, saying he had done what ho wanted—I then paid the bill into Coutts's.

Q. In the course of conversation between you, Saward, and Anderson, what plan was to be adopted for the purpose of making use of the acceptances which he forged? A. I was to find the money for out of pocket expenses, and Anderson was to be the sender, that is, the sender of the forged bills, and Atwell was to be implicated to watch what took place—that was the plan arranged upon between us—shortly after this plan was

arranged I went with Anderson and Atwell to Townsend, the hatter's, in the neighbourhood of Cheapside, to purchase a large sized hat—Anderson was trying on the hat—Saward was not there, he was not in our company that morning—a young man named, Clemence came into the shop, to inquire for employment—after seeing that young man, I told Saward that a very likely young man had been into the hatter's shop, seeking for employment, and that I had got his address—Saward and I arranged that when the bill was ready, and we were to go into the transaction on the Saturday following, this young man was to be written to, to be engaged by Anderson—the taking the apartment was left to Anderson and Atwell—Saward had arranged with them to go and take the lodging for the purpose—I believe a lodging was taken, for that special purpose, somewhere by the De Beauvoir-road; I never went there—Saward met me in the Borough, and we went to the Kingsland-road—I think that was on a Saturday morning, 14th June—we went into a public house on that occasion, it was an old fashioned public house, for Anderson to change his dress; that was to put on his wig and whiskers—I do not remember the name of that public house—I had never been there before; I am speaking of where we first met, that was at the Sussex Arms in the house where we went afterwards in the Inglefield-road—I am confounding myself—previous to his taking the lodging, he had dressed at a public house in Kiogsland-road, but on this occasion he dressed at the Sussex Arms in the Inglefield-road—that was about 9 o'clock in the morning—we had some brandy and milk there—the landlady apologised for the room not being ready, having had company the evening previous; but I got the newspaper from her, and I held the newspaper, and pen and ink was called for—I had a 20l. note with me—I gave it, I think, into Anderson's hands, but Saward put the name and address upon it, across the nice of the note—I believe this is the note (looking at it)—that note was given to Clemeuce, its I understand, but I did not see it given—the change was handed over to me when he came back; 19l. and two 10s. stamps—Anderson gave the stamps to Saward; he pasted one on the back of the 1, 000l. bill, and filled up the date on the bill—(looking at it) this is the portion, written by Saward—that bill was afterwards given to Clemence for the purpose of being taken to Heywood's—I went to Hey wood's, and saw Clemence go in—I saw the money paid, and the last of the sovereigns put into the bag—after the sovereigns were put in, it was taken from Clemence's hand, and put on one side of the counter—in consequence of that I came out, and made a signal, and motioned Atwell to go in—Saward was waiting under the old Post Office-passage, in Lombard-street, by the clock—he was made aware of what had occurred, and he went off directly to tell Anderson that it had failed—we afterwards went into a public house in Bishopsgate-churchyard, and dined—upon a Monday soon afterwards, I, Saward, Anderson, and Atwell, met in reference to another transaction; that was about Mr. Turner's matter—Saward said that they had failed in the first instance in getting Mr. Turner's signature, not having sufficient money, but would I advance a further sum, say 100l. or so, for another application to be made to Mr. Turner; and let the money remain a few days in his hands, so that it should be paid into his bankers', and get his cheque—I advanced 104l., I think—we met in reference to that matter at a public house in Duke-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields—an I O U was written on that occasion by Saward, and given to Atwell—on the day when Atwell was to go to Mr. Turner's office, we were all in Kingsgate-street, waiting for him—Mr. Turner was not in at the first application—myself, Anderson,

Atwell, and Saward were standing in Kingsgate-street in front of the house, when Mr. Turner passed by, and Saward said, "That is Mr. Turner"—in a few minutes Atwell followed him into his office—he brought a cheque out with him, and it was given to Saward to take the signature from—I consented for him to take the cheque away (it was my money), and do what was necessary with it, to take a fac simile) of the signature—I was not at that time engaged with any person in reference to some blank cheques on Gosling's—I do not know the party at all; I have seen him—Anderson and Saward were the parties that had this man with the blank cheques—on Saturday, 28th June, we all met at a public house near St. Pancras Church—that was the day on which it was arranged to utter one of the cheques—a cheque for 410l. 7s. 4d., purporting to be signed by Mr. Turner, was given to a young man, and sent to the bank—I went to the bank myself—I went inside and saw the cheque presented—I was making inquiry about a dishonoured bill drawn by a Mr. Richards—that was merely to take the clerk's attention—I saw the money paid, and the man leave the place—I afterwards sought to meet Saward and Anderson, but I forgot the house where I was to meet them, and I went home, and from there I went to a Mrs. Dixon's, a cousin of mine, in Union-street, Borough-road; they have the care of St. Michael's Chapel—I said, if the elderly gentleman that used to call on me, should call and ask for me, to say I had been waiting for him, but I had gone home—on coming out of the gate I met Saward—he said, "It is all right, old boy; where have you been to?"—he took me to a coffee shop where the rest of the party were waiting; Anderson, Atwell, and the man that had brought the cheque—on that occasion there was a division of the produce of the forged cheques—I purchased the 50l. notes at the request of Saward—Saward put the price upon them, and I found the gold to pay—I gave 35l. each for the 50l. notes; it was all paid in gold—shortly after that, I and Atwell went to Hamburg, and there I changed the notes—I was away about seven or eight days—shortly after my return, a cheque on Messrs. Hankey's, signed by Mr. Baldwin, fell into my possession—I was going into the City to get it cashed, and I showed it to Saward—he said that he could fit it, meaning that he had got similar cheques—he said he could fit, it, he had other cheques of the same description; I left the cheque in his possession—I cannot say whether it was returned the same day or the following, but I had it returned in an envelope—I met Saward shortly after—I do not at this moment recollect at what particular house—we were in the habit of meeting at the Magpie and Stump, but we had so many meetings that I got confused with the different places—an arrangement was come to between Saward and myself with reference to some cheques upon Hankey's—he said as he could, fit the cheque, he should send in some cheques for money—he showed me three cheques prepared for that purpose, one for 50i., and two for 100l. each—on that Saturday two of those cheques were sent to be cashed by a young man, one from the White Hart in Bishopsgate-street—I went to Messrs. Hankey's as I had gone to the previous bank, and saw the first cheque paid—Saward, Anderson, and I were at different places that day—we did not part till the 100l. cheque was paid—I subsequently had an interview with Anderson and Saward on the subject, at the Magpie and Horseshoe, or the Magpie and Punchbowl, in Bishopsgate-street—we made an arrangement to meet on the Monday—we met on Monday at Gregory's Hotel, I think they call it, in Cheapside, under an archway—the other cheque was presented for payment that day—I had two of the 10l. notes, the proceeds of the cheques, and

Saward had two—I paid 8l. 10s. each for them in gold—I remember being at the Gresham Arms, in Wood-street—there was some money of mine counted out there on the table, bank-notes, and gold—that was in case any question should arise about a stranger being in the bank, he should pay in a sum to some one in the country, so as to be afterwards received—I believe the money passed between Atwell and Saward—I let them have the money out of my pocket, and they were counting it—I am not certain whether Atwell had it, or whether I had it, but it was returned to me—Atwell was at the table at the time, and he and Saward, I believe, were both counting it—shortly after I went down to Yarmouth in the name of James Ralph—I took a small furnished house in that name—before going, I made an arrangement that letters directed to James Ralph should be left at the Chapter Coffee-house, Paternoster-row—when I came to London, I found the Chapter Coffee-house was closed, and, as I understood it was in Chancery, I called on the persons inhabiting the house, and asked them, if any letters should arrive in the name of James Ralph, to take charge of them for me, and I would reward them for it, which I did—Saward went with me to the Chapter Coffee-house—I introduced him to the young girl who took in the letters, and told her if any letters arrived in the name of James Ralph, she was to be kind enough to give them to that gentleman, which was done.

Q. When you went down to Yarmouth, you were aware, I believe, that letters were to be sent to solicitors there? A. Atwell was to have the whole management of sending up to London to parties upon I O U's, and Anderson was to take lodgings in fictitious names, and receive the letters sent from the solicitors—after being some little time at Yarmouth, I came up to London to see the result of the letters, and to find the money to pay the proceeds to the different attorneys who had been applied to—I met Saward, Anderson, and Atwell in Queen-street on that afternoon—upon that occasion Saward wrote to the different parties whom Atwell had been in correspondence with about these assumed debts—in pursuance of the arrangement, I changed a 500l. note, and a 100l. note, to get 600l. in gold—the whole of the money remitted to the country was somewhere about 314l.—I found the balance very heavy to carry in my pocket, and being anxious to return to Yarmouth that evening, I paid 250l. into Barclay's bank—I paid it in in the name of Whitney, but I forgot to put that it was for James Ralph, the name that I was assuming at that time; I was flurried at the time—when I got to Yarmouth I applied through Messrs. Gurney's for the money, as James Ralph, and then discovered the mistake I had made—inconsequence of that I wrote to Saward under the name of James Ralph, at the Chapter Coffee-house—he got that letter, and returned an answer which I never got—I was apprehended on the 15th.





RICHARD MULLENS
. I am the solicitor for this prosecution. I served a notice on the prisoner, Saward, on Saturday last, to produce a letter, dated 15th Sept. 1856, addressed to James Ralph, Esq., Chapter Coffee-house—I served that notice on Saward, in Newgate.

Saioard. I can produce no letter.





WILLIAM SALT HARDWICKE
. re-examined. The letter I wrote to Saward was about the error I had made—I said I was afraid there would be a difficulty about it, and would he be kind enough to get Mr. Bob, meaning Anderson, to go to the bank, as he was with me at the time I paid the money in, and try to rectify it—I believe the writing on this envelope to be Sward's, unquestionably (looking at it)—this is a letter addressed to me.






WILLIAM GEORGE STURT
. I live at Harfield-villas, St. Paul's-road, Islington, I am a commercial traveller. I am landlord of the house in which the prisoner, Saward, lived for about six or seven years—during that time I became acquainted with his handwriting—I believe this letter, dated 15th Sept., to be his writing—these three letters of 3rd Sept. resemble his handwriting very much, but I could not be so positive as I am of the previous one—I should believe them to be his—the name of Riley on this note I am not able to speak to, I cannot form an opinion as to that, it is not so firm as his general handwriting—I should say this (the 1, 000l. bill) is like his handwriting; "Received for Mr. Riley, John Clemence," I believe that to be his—these three letters of 11th Sept. bear a similarity to his writing—there is a resemblance, but I should not like to say that they are—I should not have acted upon them as coming from him, there is a similarity, but not so strong as the others, I have not looked at them all—the second one is more like; I believe that to be his, but I should not like to swear to the other two—I believe the direction to be his.

Saward. I have bad several communications with Mr. Sturt, and he ought to know my handwriting very well, so as to speak more positively, he hesitated and doubted very much—(These letters were here put in and read, one from Mr. Chamberlain, of Yarmouth, to Mr. Edward Dixon, of No. 10, Ampten-street, Gray's Inn-road, applying for payment of 104l. 3s. 5d., due to Mr. Henry Attwood; one from Messrs. Reynolds and Palmer, of Great Yarmouth, to W. H. Jones, No. 13, Union-terrace, Bagnigge Wells-road, for payment of 105l. 14s. 6d., due to the same person; and one from Messrs. Miller, Son, and Bugg, of Norwich, to the same person, for 105l. 14s., due to Mr. Henry Cornwall. Three letters, dated Sept. 3, purporting to be answers to the above, were also read; and three others, dated 11th Sept., stating that the money had been paid in to the bankers on that day—The following letter was also read: "James Ralph, Esq., No. I, Trafalgar-place, Great Yarmouth. Monday: I did not write on Saturday, because I expected today to have been able to have rectified fully your unfortunate mishap. Mr. Roberts attended again this morning at B—'s, to know their determination under the circumstances. It is this, that Mr. Whitney must attend himself at B—'s, and explain the matter, and sign a fresh note with his name, the same as he signed the paying in note, the writing of course being the same by comparison—they will then send a fresh note as instruction for G—'s to pay to James Ralph; the paying in note has been sent to G—'a, and they have it; they would not show it to Mr. Roberts when he applied there on Saturday, but said that Whitney had paid it in to his own credit. Now, I considered the matter seriatim yesterday, and you must do this, literally: just do as I state; go to G—'s, see the paying in note, mind you must see it; state you have written to Mr. Whitney, and he will rectify it at B—'s, and you will call on them again in a day or two. Come up directly, go to B—'s, write a fresh note for them to send to G—'s, and then return, and you will get the cash. Pray do not move further in other matters until this is arranged, I beg of you not to do so. I can see through a brick wall sometimes, and I see through one now; be guided by me, for I am generally secure by caution;cavendo tutus, as Ovid says. Mr. Roberts told B—'s this morning, that he thought Mr. Whitney might have gone on a tour of pleasure up the Rhine, but he did not know positively; they said they could not help it. If you can accomplish what you have to do, we will meet you to-morrow night, Tuesday, at 9, at the beef house, but if we do not see you there at that time, we will meet you the next day, Wednesday morning, at

12, where we had the chops when you were up on Thursday. Now, lastly, make no move in other matters until this is arranged. I have written fully, but I hope you will not think it a bore reading. Yours faithfully, J.—As we cannot see the note, and they will give no positive information as to it, you must see it to know its exact import, or the cash may remain longer in jeopardy. You must come up directly.")





JOSEPH BOLTON DOE
. I am an iron founder, in Whitechapel I have an account with Messrs. Barclay and Co.—at Christmas, 1855, my premises were broken into—amongst other things, I lost three cancelled cheques—counterfoils and all were taken—they were taken out of the book—all the other counterfoils are there—these two cheques, which are now filled up, are the two that were taken away at that time—they are not in my handwriting—I authorised no one to sign them.





WILLIAM ISAIAH DUTTSON
. I am cashier to Messrs. Barclay and Co., the bankers. This cheque for 46l. 15s. 6d., dated 10th Jan., 1856, was presented to me for payment—I paid it in two 10l. notes, and 26l. 15s. 6d. in cash.





HENRY NICHOLS LESLIE
. I am cashier to Messrs. Barclay and Co. This cheque for 95l. 17s. 6d. was presented to me for payment in Jan., 1856—I paid it in five 10l. notes, and 45l. 17s. 6d. in cash.





MAUDESLEY LANCASTER DRAPER
. In the beginning of last year I advertised for a situation—I received an answer; in consequence of which, I went to Leman-street, Goodman's-fields, to see a Mr. Davis—I saw a person there who called himself Davis—it was the prisoner Anderson—he sent me to Moore's auction rooms for a catalogue of to-morrow's sale—I went there—they told me they had no sale on to-morrow—I went back, and told Anderson so—he then gave me a cheque to take to Barclay, Bevan, Tritton, and Co., in Lombard-street—this cheque for 46s. 15s. 6d. looks like the same—I got the money for it, went back to Leman-street, and gave it to Anderson—I did not see him after that.





MARY ANN SMITH
. I am the wife of Sampson Smith, of No. 103, Leman-street, Whitechapel. In Jan., last year, a person hired a room at my house—he gave the name of Davis—the prisoner Anderson is the person—he only came about an hour for two or three successive days—he did not sleep in the place—he said his luggage had not come—the last day he was there, the witness Draper came—he told me that he came in answer to an advertisement—Anderson came to the door, and called him in.





EDWARD BROWN
. In the beginning of last year I advertised for a situation—I received an answer, directing me to go to No. 103, Leman-street, Whitechapel—I went there, and saw Anderson, and he engaged me for a situation to go down to Rugby—he told me he would go after my character, and meet me next day at the Eastern Counties Railway—he sent me to a house in Bishopsgate-street, to get a bill of their wholesale and retail prices of spirits, as he said he wanted to take some down to Rugby—I went, and got it, and gave it to him—he told me I could be gone half an hour; that I had no occasion to hurry myself, as his friend had not come up by the railway—he afterwards sent me to Barclay's banking house, in Lombard-street, with a cheque for 95l. 17s. 6d.—the name of Doe was on it—I believe this to be the cheque (looking at it)—I took it to Barclay's, and got the money—I was then walking towards London-bridge—I was going to Mr. Burrell's where I had lived as boots, to see whether he had been about my character—a young man tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me whether I was not going the wrong way—I told him I was not going the

wrong way; I was going over to Mr. Burreirs, as he had not said anything about the character—he advised me to go back with him—that was Atwell—I went back with him, and met Atwell in Bishopsgate-street—he took me into a public house, and there I gave him the money—he gave me 3s.—he asked me whether I wanted any money, and I said a little would do—he said he had been to Mr. Burrell's, but he was not at home, and he would wjrite next day, and let me know when to come down—he never did write.





ELIZABETH EVANS
. I am a single woman. In the early part of 1856 I was living with Atwell as his wife—I lived with him for about two years and a half—I remember living in Cottagp-lane, in the City-road—Atwell went by the name of Hawkes, and I was called Mrs. Hawkes—I know Saward—I have seen him twice at Cottage-lane—the first time he came was to see Atwell—he was at home, and did see him—I did not hear anything pass between them—I should think he stayed about half an hour—they were in a room by themselves—I was in the same room—I cannot exactly say how long it was before he came again; I should think about a week or a fortnight—Atwell was not at home then—he came again, but then I was not at home—the second time that I saw him, Atwell was at home; he came into the parlour with Atwell—I was in the parlour when he came in—he spoke to Atwell, but I could not hear what it was that he said—he produced some papers like cheques on that occasion: he took them out of his pocket, and opened them—they were about the size of bankers' cheques; I could see some engraving at the back of them—these are the cheques (looking at the nine produced)—they remained in my possession for about four or five weeks, until Atwell was taken into custody—I kept them up stairs, on the chimney piece, in my bedroom—I moved from Cottage-lane, and took them with me—I was with Atwell at Yarmouth when he was taken into custody—I did not see Saward afterwards.





ELIZABETH HAYDON
. I am the wife of Thomas Haydon, a wheelwright, of No. 20, Suffolk-street, St. Pancras'-road. Atwell is my nephew—n the early part of last year he was living in Cottage-lane, City-road, in the name of Hawkes—I used to go there nearly every day—I have seen Saward there—I first saw him in Feb., last year—he was standing against the Sportsman public-house, City-road, which is nearly opposite Cottage-lane—I was sent to him by Atwell with a message—I did not know him personally, only by the description Atwell had given me; I went up to him, and said, "I beg your pardon, sir; I hope you will excuse the liberty I am taking, but are you waiting for a gentleman of the name of Hawkes?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "He is engaged this morning, and will not be able to meet you, but he will meet you at the appointed place on Wednesday"—soon afterwards I happened to be at my nephew's when Saward called—I saw him—my nephew was not at home, and I told him so—a little after that, he called again while I was there; I let him in, and showed him into the parlour—while he was there with Atwell, I happened to go into the room, and I saw a small roll, about the size of my finger, lying on the table—I believe these cheques were the parcel I saw, but they were not folded in this manner; more like a roll—I saw these papers at my nephew's, for several days afterwards, on the chimney piece in the front room up stairs, my nephew's bed-room—they were then tied with a small portion of string.





CHARLES FREDERICK ASH
. I am a timber merchant in Upper Thames-street—I have a banking account with Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith's—In the beginning of last year my premises were broken into—amongst other things I lost some cancelled cheques, and also some blank cheques taken out

of my book—these nine cheques are the cheques I lost—this cheque for 91l. is one of those that were taken from the book—I know it by the number—the writing on it is not mine, nor is it written by my authority.

COURT. Q. I see upon this there is orders not to pay; I suppose you took that precaution? A. Yes; I gave notice, after discovering the robbery, not to pay those numbers.





JAMES HUMPHREYS
. In Feb. last I was out of a situation; I advertised for one, and in consequence of a letter which I received I went to Oakley-crescent, City-road, and inquired for a Mr. Hammond—I saw a person there calling himself Hammond—I believe Anderson to be that person—he first sent me to the railway, and then to the bank of Smith, Payne, and Smith's, in Lombard-street, with a cheque—I believe this cheque for 91l. to be the cheque I was sent with—it was not paid—I was detained—I did not see Anderson afterwards until he was in custody.





ANDREW STEPHENS
. I am a cashier to Messrs. Bramah and Co., the engineers—they keep an account with Messrs. Ransom and Co.—the signatures to these three cheques are not the signatures of the partner who usually draws our cheques—they are a very good imitation of it—the filling up is an imitation of my writing—I always fill up the cheques—these have been returned by the bank, included in our account as paid.





THOMAS COOAN FARTHING
. I am cashier to Messrs. Ransom and Co.—these three cheques were paid by our house.





GEORGE HENRY BOWELLS
. In March, 1856, I was looking for a situation—I received a letter, in consequence of which I went to Stanhope-street, Regent's-park—I do not remember the number—I there saw the person who was supposed to have written to me—I asked for Mr. Bates—I think Anderson is the person I saw—he directed me to go to the Camden Town station to inquire if his luggage had come, and when I returned I was sent to Messrs. Ransom's, Fall Mall East, with a cheque for 87l. 10s—I believe this to be the cheque (looking at it)—I took it there, got the money, and gave it to Anderson at Stanhope-street—there was nobody else there at the time.





MARY ANN PARKER
. I live at No. 16, Stanhope-street, Regent's-park—in March last year, a person took a room at my house in the name of Bates—Anderson is the person, I am sure of him—he stopped in the house half an hour—he did not sleep there at all—I did not see the young man come there, but I know he came; I saw him afterwards with the constable—I did not see him speak to Anderson, or Anderson to him.





JOHN WIGZELL
. In April last I was out of a situation; I advertised in the Times—in consequence of receiving an answer I went to a house in Cumberland-street, Hackney-road—I there saw a person very much like Anderson; he went by the name of White—after talking about employing me, he sent me on a message to a street in Fenchurch-street, and when I came back he sent me to Messrs. Hankeys', the bankers, with a bill for 386l. 17s. 10d.; I presented the bill, but it was not paid, and I was detained—went back to Cumberland-street, but could not find Anderson.





LOUISA BARNES
. I and my husband live at No. 16, Cumberland-street, Hackney-road—in April last a person came to hire apartments—Anderson is very much like that person—he took them in the name of White, and came the two following mornings—the next day I saw Wigzell at my house—the man washed his hands each day, and called for pen and ink.





THOMAS GRAY
. I am in the employment of Dobree and Sons, of Token-house yard, City—they keep an account at Messrs. Hankeys'; I accept the

bills in behalf of the firm—this bill for 386l. odd is not my handwriting, nor was it written by my authority.





WILLIAM INKERSOLL
.—I am in the employ of Kennard and Co.—this 1, 000l. is not the acceptance of Kennard and Co.





JOHN CLEMENCE
. I live in Devonshire. In June, 1856, I was up in town looking for a situation—among other places, I went to a hatter's in the neighbourhood of Cheapside, and inquired if they knew of any situation of the kind I wanted; after I left the shop Hardwicke followed me, and put some questions to me—I afterwards received a letter telling me to go to No. 3, Beauchamp-villas, Kingsland-road—I went there, and asked for Mr. Riley—Anderson opened the door to me, and answered to the name of Riley—he told me to call there the following day; I did so, and Anderson came to me with a 20l. Bank of England note; I was to get it changed, and to bring two adhesive 10s. stamps—I got the note changed, and got the stamps, and gave them to Anderson; he sent me on an errand; he afterwards gave me a bill of exchange for 1, 000l.—I went on an omnibus to the City, and took the bill to Hey wood's—it was not paid; they gave me part, and then stopped the rest, and I was detained—I did not see Anderson afterwards till I saw him at the Mansion House—I saw nothing of Saward—I believe the handwriting to this bill to be the same as the note that was written to me—I gave that note to Anderson to show I was the person that had been written to, and he kept it.





WILLIAM PIKE NICHOLLS
. I am a cashier at Messrs. Heywood's. I remember this 1, 000l. bill being presented—I had begun to pay it, but had some misgivings, and stopped the money and the person who brought the bill—I did not quite like the appearance of the signature; the first part I considered a very good imitation, but not the second part; and the way in which payment was required seemed rather strange, 100l. in gold, eight 50l., and five 100l. notes.





ELIZABETH COLE
. I reside at No. 3, Beauchamp-villas, Be Beauvoir Town, Kingsland—in June last a person took an apartment at my house in the name of Riley—Anderson is the person—I recollect the witness Clemence coming to him there.





SUSANNAH DAVIS
. My husband keeps the Sussex Arms in Inglefield-road, Kingsland—early one morning in the course of last summer, I remember four persons coming to our house; it was between 9 and 10 o'clock—I can hardly remember whether or not the house was in order at the time; they ordered brandy and milk—our house has a small green before it—I cannot swear to any of the persons—I knew them all by sight in the general way of business, I think, but I cannot swear to their coming to the house that morning—I do not know that I ever saw them together—I know each individually—I think I have seen them at the house at various times—I have seen Anderson and Saward, and I have seen Atwell and Hardwicke—I have seen them all four at our house—I cannot say that I have seen them all four together—I cannot say that I have seen two or three of them together.





ROBERT WILSON
. I am clerk to Mr. Alfred Turner, solicitor, of Red Lion-square. In April, 1856, I was employed by a person who gave the name of Hunter, to endeavour to recover a debt; it was the witness Atwell; the name of the debtor to whom I was to apply, was Mr. John Hesp, of No. 58 Charrington-street, Oakley-square—the money was afterwards paid to Mr. Turner, and I gave it to Atwell—I got a cheque for it, got it cashed, and gave it in cash to Atwell—he came again on 19th June,

and instructed me to write for 103l. to a Mr. Hart, of Milton-street, Euston-square—I wrote, and on 21st June the money was brought—on the 24th I paid Atwell by a cheque on Gosling's—this is the cheque, and this is the receipt he gave me.





ALFRED TURNER
. I am a solicitor, in Bed lion-square. In March, last year, I lost a pocket book, I cannot say in what way—I believe it contained some blank cheques on Gosling's—I remember Atwell applying at my office about the recovery of two debts, he saw my clerk, Mr. Wilson, who mentioned it to me—this cheque for 103l. was the cheque given on the second application—this cheque for 410l. is not my writing, or written by my authority, I think it is an imitation.





ELIZABETH SHOEBROOK
. I live in Charrington-street, Oakley-square. A person going by the name of Hesp engaged a back parlour at my house last year, Anderson is the person—he took the apartment on the Tuesday, and said he would send his luggage—it never came, he called on the Thursday—two letters had come during that time, I gave them to him, and never saw him any more.





ELIZA BREWER
. I live at No. 35, Cardington-street, Hampetead-road; in June last I lived in Milton-street, Euston-square. In June last a person hired a parlour at our house in the name of Hart, it was Anderson—he said if any letters came would I be kind enough to take care of them; a letter came on the Tuesday evening—he fetched it away on Wednesday morning—a second letter came on Friday evening; that was given to him on Saturday morning—I saw nothing more of him after that.





AUGUSTUS BAILEY BUSHNELL
. I am a cashier at Messrs. Goslings, the bankers—this cheque for 410l. odd was presented on the 28th June—I paid it in eight 50l. notes, and the rest in gold and silver—I know Hardwicke, he was in the bank at the time, and put some questions to me at the time the cheque was being presented.





WILLIAM HARDY
. In June last I was out of employment. I advertised for a situation, and in consequence of a letter which I received I went to Albert-road, Regent's-park—I inquired for a Mr. Taylor, and saw the prisoner Anderson—he engaged me, and I was to meet him at half past 1 o'clock the following day, at the University Hotel—I went there, and he sent me with a cheque for 410l. to Gosling's; he told me to ask for eight 50l. notes, and the rest in gold—I went and did it; as I returned I met Anderson, by Mornington-crescent, and gave him the money; I never heard anything more of him.





JONATHAN GRIERSON
. I am cashier at Messrs. Hankeys, the bankers. Messrs. Smith and Knight keep an account there; their cheques are signed by Mr. Baldwin, their managing man—on Saturday, 16th Aug. last, this cheque for 50l. was presented to me for payment; it purports to be signed by Mr. Baldwin—I paid it in three 10l. notes, and the rest in gold—on that same day this cheque for 100l. was also presented to me for payment—I paid it in six tens and the rest in gold; that also purports to be signed by Mr. Baldwin—on the next Monday a third cheque was presented for 100l., purporting to be signed by Mr. Baldwin, I did not pay that.





DANIEL BALDWIN
. I am in the employment of Messrs. Smith and Knight, railway contractors; it is part of my duty to draw cheques on their behalf—these cheques for 50l. and two for 100l. are not signed by me, or by my authority.





JOHN MITCHINTON
. In Aug. last, I was boots at the White Hart, Bishops-gate-street. In consequence of something the waiter said to me, I went

into the coffee room and saw Anderson sitting in one of the boxes—he asked me to go to the bank and change a cheque for him; this is the cheque, it is for 50l., on Messrs. Hankey's—I went and got three 10l. notes and the rest in gold, and brought it back to the White Hart—Anderson was not there then, he came in a few minutes afterwards, and I gave him the money—I did not see him afterwards till I went to Newgate.





GEORGE ENGLISH
. In Aug. last, I was boots at the Four Swans Tavern, in Bishopsgate-street. On a Saturday in that month, in consequence of something the waiter Raid to me, I went into the coffee room and saw the prisoner, Anderson—he asked me to change a cheque for him for 100l.—this is it—he asked me to get him six 10l. notes and 40l. in gold—I took it to Messrs. Hankey's bank, got the money, took it back to the coffee room, and gave it to Anderson; he was not there when I got back.





ELIZABETH DIXON
. I live in Chapel-court, Union-street, Blackfriars-road, Hardwicke is my mother's nephew. I know Saward as Mr. Sharp—I remember his leaving a letter at my house—at that time I had heard of Hardwicke being in custody—he called on me after the letter was left, my mother was present at that time—he asked me if I had heard from Mr. Hardwicke, or seen anything of him—I told him that the officers had been to the square, and searched Mr. Hardwicke's apartments—Hardwicke lived in Nelson-square at that time—Saward seemed very much surprised—I then said to him that the officers had been there, and they expected to find some plate—he said, indeed, he could not make that out at all—I then said to him, "Sir, as you are a friend of Mr. Hardwicke's, of course you know his affairs, have you no idea what he is detained in Yarmouth fort?"—he said, "Well, there is nothing of any consequence there, but there is no telling what it may lead to"—he then asked me where the letters were that he had left for him—I gave them to him—they were directed to Hardwicke; one of the letters was the one that Saward had brought himself; I gave those letters to him, and he burnt them—he said, if any inquiries were made at my house whether any letters were left there, I was to say, "Yes, there were letters left there for a gentleman of the name of Sharp, but a lady called for them."





MARY WILLIAMS
. I am the mother of Mrs. Dixon. I was there when Mr. saward came, he did not say what his name was; I did not recollect him till he made himself known to me, I had seen him once some years before—he said to my daughter, "Have you seen Hardwicke, do you know when they are coming home?"—I believe my daughter said, "My mother has just come to tell me"—I had heard something unpleasant, and had gone to my daughter's to tell her, but had not had time to do so up to that moment—he asked if there were any letters in the name of Sharp—my daughter said yes, she had two—he said, "Burn them"—I looked at him, and touched my daughter and said, "Let the gentleman burn them himself if it is anything wrong," and he put them in the fire.





SAMUEL COLE
. I am now living at Warwick. In Aug. last, I was barman at the Magpie, in Bishopsgate-street, Mr. Wimbush was the landlord—I remember on a Saturday in that month some persons being there that attracted my attention—there was one person in particular who was there for the greater part of the day, it was the prisoner Saward—I did not see any other persons with him, but there were two going in and out; I know one of those two, it was the grey-headed gent; I have seen him here today, it was Hardwicke—I have seen Anderson before, but not to know anything of him—I did not see him at the Magpie that day—Saward came there about 11 o'clock, and staid till something like 4 or 5 o'clock in the

afternoon—I did not see the two persons who came in speak to Saward, because I was busy taking the orders into the parlour, and waiting on the bar—Saward was in the parlour; they went into that room, there was only that one room to go in—they went to Saward.





EDWARD JOHN WIMBUSH
. I am the landlord of the Magpie, in Bishops-gate-street. On Saturday, 16th Aug., Cole called my attention to some person being there for some time; I walked into the parlour to look round, and saw the prisoner Saward—I would not swear it was him, I feel confident that it was, but he sat in such a bad light, that I had not a good view of his face—I believe it was him, I have very little doubt about it—I did not see him more than once that day—I did not see any other person there, I was out part of the day—I can fix the very day of this, in consequence of having paid a doctor's bill that day—it was 16th Aug.





RICHARD SAUNDERS
. I was a porter at Gregory's Hotel, in the course of last year. On Monday, 18th Aug., a person came there, and sent me to a banker's—I believe it was Anderson—he gave me a 100l. cheque to take to Hankey's—I took it, but it was not paid, and I was detained—this is very like the cheque (looking at it), I think it must be the same.





WILLIAM HENRY KNIGHT
. I am a clerk to Messrs. Chaplin and Horne. I was at the Gresham Arms, in Wood-street, one morning in the course of last summer—I cannot say the day of the week or the day of the month, for I am there nearly every day—I was in the parlour, I saw Atwell there, and I have every reason to believe, Saward; there was a third person, that was Hardwicke—Atwell and Saward were sitting together at a table—I saw gold passing from the person I suppose to be Saward to Atwell—Hardwicke went out to fetch the directory, I do not think he was present when the gold passed, I thought they were on business and withdrew; before I withdrew, I was sitting at the same table with them.





MARGARET HARDWICKE
. I am the wife of the witness Hardwicke. I live at No. 20, Nelson-square, Blackfriars-road—my husband was an acquaintance of Saward's for many years—I am not certain whether they were acquainted before my husband went to Australia for the first time, I fancy I had seen Saward before, but I cannot be positive, I always accompanied my husband, except once, I then remained in Australia—Saward visited us frequently in London; the first time I knew him, he lived at Kennington Cross; we then lived in Goswell-street—Mrs. Saward visited us once, and I visited them once at Kennington Cross—Saward frequently came to see us in the evening, he has been two or three times a week—my husband was not in any way of business at that time, he was having remittances from Australia, he had no business with Saward that I know of.





MARY ANN HARRISON
. I am the wife of Mr. Harrison, of Rosoman-street, Clerkenwell. I am a cousin of Mrs. Hardwicke's, in 1844 they lived in Wellington-street, Goswell-street—at that time, Saward was an acquaintance of their's—I have seen him there very frequently, they appeared to be intimate, he took tea there.





ANN FRYER
. I live at Bray. I knew Mr. and Mrs. Hardwicke in 1844, when they lived in Wellington-street, Goswell-street; I know Saward—he was frequently at our house—he appeared to be very intimate with Hardwicke.





MARY BOXALL
. I live at Mr. Turner's, at the Crown and Anchor, Guildford-street, Southwark. I am there as a friend, I make it my home—in the course of the last summer, I used to see the prisoners there—the

first time they came, they wanted some refreshment, and we sent out for some boiled beef—I also recognise Hardwicke and Atwell—I can only call to mind two occasions on which I have seen them there together.





ELIZABETH WILLIAMS
. I live at the Chapter coffee house, in Paternoster-row. It has been left in charge of my brother-in-law, Charles Ogborn; I knew Hardwicke by the name of Ralph—he came to the Chapter coffee house several times, to call for letters—I recollect his coming with a friend, Mr. Saward; he said that he was going away into the country, and for the future, would I give him the letters, and he would forward them on to him; letters came directed for Mr. Ralph, and I delivered them to Saward.

COURT. Q. Did you understand his name to be Saward, or did he mention any name? A. They did not mention his name, merely as a friend, no name was mentioned—I did not know him before.





CHARLES OGBORN
. (City policeman, 26). I am the brother-in-law of the last witness—I had the care of the Chapter coffee house—I remember letters being left there for Mr. Ralph—I know Saward—I saw him come to the door of the Chapter coffee house twice; I do not know what he called for the first time, I was then in the street, off duty, in private clothes; the second time he came for letters, my sister-in-law gave him some, they were addressed to Mr. Ralph.





CAROLINE HILL
. I live in Union-terrace, Bagnigge-wells-road. In Aug. or Sept. last the prisoner Anderson took a lodging at my house, in the name of Jones, for a friend that was coming from Brighton—two letters came—he called for them, and I gave them to him—I think they were from Yar-mouth—I think this is one of the letters (looking at one)—it looks very much like it, I go by the handwriting.





ELIZABETH ATTWOOD
. I live at No. 18, Ampton-street, Gray's Inn Road. A person hired a lodging at my house in Aug. or Sept. last, in the name of Dixon—it was the prisoner Anderson—he said he hired it for a friend; he said I was to take in any letters that came in the name of Edward Dixon—a letter came; I gave it to my child, and she delivered it to him.





CHARLES HENRY CHAMBERLAIN
. I am an attorney at Yarmouth. On 30th Aug. a person calling himself Atwood came to me, and instructed me to apply for a debt—it was the prisoner Atwell—in consequence of his instructions, I wrote a letter to a Mr. Edmund Dixon, at No. 18, Ampton-street, Gray's-inn-road, for the payment of 104l—I afterwards received these two letters, dated the 3rd and 11th of Sept., purporting to come from Mr. Dixon.





CHARLES JOHN PALMER
. I am a solicitor, practising at Great Yarmouth. On 30th Aug. the prisoner Atwell gave me instructions to apply for payment of a debt for 105l. 14s., due by William Henry Jones, of Union-terrace, Bagnigge-wells-road—I wrote a letter, and received these two of the 3rd and 11th of Sept, in reply—I received, through Messrs. Gurney and Co., bankers at Yarmouth, 105l., in conformity with the intimation in these letters.





HENRY BLAKE MILLER
. I am a solicitor at Norwich. I know Atwell by the name of Henry Cornwall—he applied to me on the 1st of Sept. to write to a Mr. Jones, of Union-terrace, Bagnigge-wells-road, for 105l. 14s.—I afterwards received two letters from Mr. Jones, dated 3rd and 11th Sept.—I also received an amount of money, of which this letter gave me advice.





JAMES EAGLETON
. I am a waiter at the Sugar-loaf public house, Queen-street, Cheapside. In Sept. last I remember four persons coming there, and having some refreshment—they had chops and steaks—Saward was one of the four, and Hardwicke was another—they were writing.






ALFRED WHITTINGTON MORRIS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Barclay and Co., bunkers. On the 11th of Sept last, the sum of 250l. was paid into the country department of the bank, in the name of Whitney, for the purpose of being transmitted to Gurney and Co., of Yarmouth—Hardwicke was the person who made that payment—a few days afterwards, the prisoner Anderson came to make inquiries about that money, and requested me to send it in the name of James Ralph—no name had been given by the person who paid it in—I inquired of Anderson where Mr. Whitney was; he said he had gone to Germany or up the Rhine.





JOHN MOSS
. I am one of the officers of the City police. On 26th Dec. last I went with Huggett to No. 9, John-street, Oxford-street, for the purpose of apprehending Saward—it is a sort of dining-room—I inquired for Mr. Hopkins; I was told that Mr. Hopkins had just gone out; that he had been gone three or four minutes—that was said by a female who came from the back room—she said that he was gone to the second public house on the left hand side in Oxford Market—upon that Huggett went to Oxford Market, and I remained at the house—shortly after Huggett had gone, I observed the door leading into the room at the back very gently close—I went and looked into the room, and saw the prisoner Saward—I said, "Oh! Mr. Hopkins, we have been looking for you"—he said, "My name is not Hopkins, Sir;" I said, "No, I believe it is Saward;" he said, "You are quite mistaken"—at this time Huggett returned—we then charged him with being concerned with Hardwicke, Atwell, and Anderson in forging a bill for l, 000l. on Heywood, Kennard, and Co., of Lombard-street, on the 14th Jan.—he said he knew nothing about the forgery or the parties; he said he should not go with us unless we forced him; he meant merely placing our hands upon him—when we were about to remove him, he said, "Before you remove me, I shall be glad if you would allow me to go to the closet;" I said, "Yes; but before you go there, we must see what you have got"—Huggett searched him, and took from his pocket two blank cheques of the London and Westminster Bank, St. James's branch—these are them (produced)—Saward said, "Oh! they are nothing; destroy them"—after that he did not wish to retire, as he had done before—nothing more was said—we put him into a cab, and brought him into the City—he said, "Well, I suppose it is no use holding out any longer; my name is Jim Saward."

Saward, I denied that strenuously at the Mansion House, and I deny it now most emphatically; I should not think of making use of the observation, "I am Jim Saward;" common sense must tell you so.





JOSEPH HUGGETT
. I belong to the City police—I accompanied Moss—I went to Oxford Market, leaving him in the house in John-street—on my return I saw Saward and Moss together—I said to the prisoner, "I believe your name is James Saward, and we shall require you to go to the City with us"—he said, "I am not the person you allude to"—I said, "Well, we are two officers belonging to the City, and we charge you with forging and uttering, on the 14th June, a bill of exchange for l, 000l. on Heywood and Co.'s bank, of Lombard-street; likewise with being concerned with Hardwicke, Anderson, and Atwell, now in custody"—he said, "I do not know the parties you allude to, neither am I the person you take me to be"—he was taken into custody, and brought into the City—as we came along in the cab, after a little conversation he said, "Well, I suppose it is no use my holding out any longer, I am Jim Saward"—I told him then that I should

have to make use of that before the Magistrate, as he had all along denied his name to me.

Saward. I deny it; I certainly said in the cab, "You ought to have let me retire, for it was requisite I should do so;" and when I got to the station house, I asked him to let me retire; he did, and I retired.

Saward's Defence. I shall leave the case in the hands of your Lordship, as far as I am concerned; I am quite unprepared, being quite unrepresented.

Anderson. I have nothing to say.

SAWARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 58.

ANDERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.





Transported for Life.

(There were other indictments against the prisoners.)
