




175. 




HENRY WRIGHT
 and 




JOHN LEARY



, robbery on 



Frederick Williams, and stealing 1 hat, value 2s.; and beating and striking him.


MR. WORTLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK WILLIAMS
. I live in Surrey-row, Blackfriars-road. On 5th Nov., I was going down Charlotte-street about half-past ten o'clock at night—I saw a mob of persons—as soon as they saw me coming, they opened, and as soon as I got in the centre of them, some one knocked my hat off—there were seven persons standing together—it was just at the entrance, going into Mr. Sherman's house—when Wright knocked me down on the pavement, the girls and boys held me down, and Wright turned my pockets inside out, and ill-used me while I was down—I had a penny-piece in my pocket, and some bits of paper—Wright gave me two black eyes, and struck me with his fist and the stump of his arm—Leary held me while I was down—when my hat was knocked off, one of the other boys ran away with it—while I was on the ground, the whole of them held me tight—there were two more boys about the size of the prisoners, and three young women—they held me so as to allow Wright to make his escape—Leary was one who held me—my penny was not stolen; it was in my trowsers-pocket—Wright turned out two of my pockets, but not the one where my penny was—the hoys and girls told Wright to get away while they held me—I was knocked down two or three times with great force—Wrightgot way, and I got from the others, and followed him up William-street to near Swan-court—when he got near Swan-court, he told the other two boys to seize me, and while they were in the act of seizing me, he ran down Swan-court—they did not seize me, but Wright got down Swan-court, and knowing them to be bad characters there, I did not go after him—I had seen him once before—I am positive the prisoners are the persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. You know this neighbourhood well? A. Yes, I have lived there four years; this mob of boys and girls were not Guy Fawkes-ing—the street was clear then; it was half-past ten o'clock at night—I should not know the whole of the seven persons again, but I know these two particularly—the boys and girls were standing on the path till I got to the centre of them—I did not push them on one side—I was going home—I had been to the New-cut to a coffee-shop there—my work is at 30, Surrey-row—I am a master-hatter's son—my father carries on business there—I had been working in the day, and I went by myself in the evening to read the newspaper in the coffee-shop in the New-cut—I was knocked down two or three times—I cried out to the utmost of my power—I did not cry "Murder!" I cried "Police!"—they might have put me in fear of my life; they did not do it—I resisted, I had a right to do so—Wright gave me two black eyes—I did not give him one—I did my best—I do not say I did not hit him.






JOHN RICHARD GOLTON
 (policeman, M 62). I was on duty on the night of 5th Nov., near the Chapel in the Blackfriars-road—I saw Wright in company with two other boys, about a quarter-past ten o'clock—Leary was one of the boys.





WILLIAM BROAD
 (policeman, L 82). I apprehended Wright on 8th Nov.—I told him the charge was assaulting this man, and robbing him of his hat—the prosecutor had two black eyes on the night of 8th Nov. when he gave me information—I knew Wright by the description he gave, and I took him about a quarter of an hour afterwards.





AMBROSE FURMINGER
 (police-sergeant, L 42). I received information on 12th Nov., and took Leary.





FREDERICK WILLIAMS

re-examined. I gave information to the police the same night—I should say that the girls who were there, were about twenty years of age.





JOHN RICHARD GOLTON

re-examined. I received information from the prosecutor about half-past ten o'clock that night—he described Wright to me—I had seen him that night, but I did not know where to find him.

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
.†* Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


LEARY—


GUILTY
.†* Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

