












1490. 




WILLIAM DUDLEY,



 JAMES SHIPLEY,



 GEORGE EVANS,



 GEORGE WILLIAMS,



 WILLIAM DAVIS,



 JAMES STEVENS,


 GEORGE WOOD,



 THOMAS BURDETT,



 JOHN SMITH
, and 




THOMAS GALLOWAY



, breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Morris Myers, and stealing 3 coats, 1 writing-desk, 15lbs. weight of brass, 34lbs. weight of calico; and other articles, value 3l. 11s.; his goods.—Other COUNTS for Receiving.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN DICKMAN
. I am married, and am forewoman to Mr. Myers, a government store-dealer, in Castle-street, Whitechapel. On 22nd July, I left the premises locked up, at seven o'clock, leaving the coats, metal, and writing—desk safe, and this metal (produced)—we had 1150 of these brass things, and I missed such next morning—these rags (produced) have the Government mark on them—there is no particular mark besides, but we had such on the premises—this handkerchief is my master's, and was in one of these coat-pockets—I went to the premises next morning at seven o'clock, and found a candle and lucifer under the counting-house window, in which there were marks of some one having entered there—a large pane of glass had been broken before, and a board had been placed before it; that had been pushed away, so that any one could get in without breaking anything—they had got through the counting-house window with this knife—the window that was broken was about as high as a one-pair window from the ground.





MORRIS MYERS
. I have held the Government contract for all the old bedding for thirty years—this property produced it all mine—some metal found in the frying-pan, and that found under my window are parts of the same things.





THOMAS WEAKFORD
 (policeman, H 5). I received information on Tuesday morning, 23rd, and went to Mr. Myers' warehouse—I have heard Dickman state how a person could get into the house; I agree in that opinion—I went into the yard and found this pan (produced) lying under the window where they entered—I went to 7, Plough-street, Whitechapel, and found Dodley, Shipley, and Evans there, sitting before a fire with a frying-pan on it, melting down this pewter—the instant they caught sight of me, Evans pretended to be asleep, and Dudley made for the door—I took them into custody, and told them the charge—they made no reply—I searched the room, and found the brass and rags which have been produced—I took them to the station, and then went to 13, Lower Keate-street, Spitalfields, and found Williams, Davis, Stevens, and Wood there, and a quantity of rags in the corner of the room—I told them the charge; they made no reply—I asked what they had done with the other property—Williams said, they knew nothing of it—Harrwood came in, and I told him in their presence what I came for, and he said he had received three coats and a writing-desk from Williams, Davis, and

Stevens, which he produced—I took them to the station—I found in Mr. Myers' warehouse a lucifer match, some pieces of candle, and a knife.





THOMAS WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I keep a lodging-house, 7, Plough-street. Previous to 22nd July, Dudley and Shipley lodged with me—that night I went to bed at half-past two o'clock, and they had not come in—they came in in the course of the night, or early next morning.

Dudley. I had been turned out of the house. Witness. He came about eight o'clock that evening, and asked me to trust him, and I would not—I have lodgers who go out to work early—the door is left on the latch, and he came in after they were up, without my permission.





PHILIP HARRWOOD
. I keep a lodging-house, 13, Lower Keate-street. Davis, Williams, and Stevens lodged with me—Williams and Stevens on the night of 22nd July only—they all came in that night about half-past eleven o'clock with these coats on, and one of them bad a writing-desk—they pulled the coats off, put them with the desk, and asked me to take care of them—I took them, locked them up, and gave them to Weakford next morning—I did not see Wood that night, but he was present in the morning.





WILLIAM GRADY
 (policeman, H 206). I received information, and went on the morning of 23rd, to some arches in Commercial-street, Whitechapel, where I found Burdett, Smith, and Galloway sorting the rags and brass which have been identified—I charged them with breaking into Mr. Myers' ware-house, and each of them said, "It was not me that did it"—at Worship-street police-court, I took the handkerchief which has been produced, from Davis's neck.

Davis s Defence. Me and Williams got over a paling to ease ourselves, and found the coats and writing-desk lying on some rubbish.

SHIPLEY*—Aged 16.

WILLIAMS*—Aged 17.

DAVIS*—Aged 18.




GUILTY
of receiving.—





Transported for Seven



Years.


DUDLEY—Aged 17.

EVANS—Aged 15.




GUILTY
of receiving.—





Confined Six Months



STEVENS*—Aged 13.

BURDETT—Aged 14.

SMITH—Aged 14.

GALLOWAY*—Aged 12.




GUILTY
of receiving.—







Confined Fourteen Days



and 





whipped.



WOOD—


NOT GUILTY
.
