



1094. 




JOHN GLYNN



, feloniously receiving 31bs. weight of soap, value 1s.; the goods of 



Daniel Cooper, knowing it to have been stolen.






EDWIN GRISTY
. I am ten years old, and live with my father and mother in Portpool-lane. On the night of 9th May, I went into Mr. Cooper's shop, on Eyre-street-hill, with Reynolds and Green—I bought a halfpenny loaf, and a halfpennyworth of treacle—after we got out, Reynolds beckoned to me, and said, "Will you come with me and sell a bar of soap?"—he showed it me, and said he got it from Mr. Cooper's—I did not see him take it—I went with him down Field-lane to a lodging-house—he went in, and I stopped outside with Green—after a time, Reynolds came out with fivepence, and gave me a penny, and Green a penny, and kept twopence-halfpenny himself—there was a bigger boy there—I did not see how much he gave him.





ROBERT REYNOLDS
. I live at 11, Eyre-street-hill with my father. One night last month I went into Mr. Cooper's shop with Gristy and Green—I took a bar of soap from the top of a pile—Gristy did not see me take it—I went over the way, and Gristy, Green, me, and a bigger boy than me who joined us went down Field-lane—I went into a house there that has "Three-pence a night for single men"—I saw the prisoner there, and said, "Please, Sir, will you buy a bar of soap?"—he took it, looked at it, put it into his side pocket, and went out, and when he came back he said he had got sixpence

for it, and asked me for a penny out of it—I agreed to give him that—he gave me fivepence, and I went out, and found Gristy, Green, and the other boy—I gave Gristy and Green a penny each, the other boy a half-penny, and kept the rest—the other boy told me to go to the prisoner's house.





EDWARD GREEN
. I am getting on for ten years old. About the middle of last month, I went to Mr. Cooper's shop with Gristy—when we came out, Reynolds was on the other side of the way—he had come out first—he called as over, and showed us a bar of soap—I went with them down Fleet-row, and Reynolds went into a bed-house—he came out with sixpence I think—I think it was silver—he bought a halfpenny hot roll, a halfpennyworth of treacle, and some chestnuts—he gave me a penny, and Gristy a penny.





DANIEL COOPER
. I keep an oil-shop in Little Bath-street, Clerkenwell. One night last May the boys came to my shop—a quarter of an hour after they were gone, I missed a bar of yellow soap worth 13 1/2d.—Gristy and Green bought some treacle—I do not know what Reynolds was doing.





WILLIAM FISHER
 (policeman, G 127). I took the prisoner on 10th May, at a low lodging-house in Field-lane—Reynolds was with me; and when we got into the room, he said, pointing to a coat that hung on the bedstead, that that was the coat the man wore—I went to several men who were in bed, awoke Glynn, and Reynolds pointed him out as the man—Glynn said it was a lie; he never saw the boy before—he dressed himself, and put on the coat Reynolds had pointed out; I found some yellow soap in the pocket of it, not much, but I could scrape it off with my nail, I smelt it, and have no doubt it was soap—he said he was in Old-street at the time—I showed the soap to him, and he said he never had any in his pocket.

Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the boy before; I lent a man my coat, and he lent me his jacket, because I was going to look after employment.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(Fisher stated that the prisoner belonged to a notorious gang of thieves, and had been several times previously convicted.)
