



211. 



JAMES BROWN
 was indicted

 for uttering counterfeit coin; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CHARLES REYNOLDS
. I produce an examined copy, from Mr. Clark's office, of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1849, on his own confession, and confined six months.)





SAMUEL BAXTER
 (policeman, G 215). I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.





GEORGE YOUNG
. I keep the Olive Branch public-house. On 27th Nov., about four o'clock, the prisoner came for half a pint of porter, and gave me a shilling—I told him it was bad, and broke it into two pieces—be threw down a good shilling, took up the two pieces and chewed them—he said it was a shame to take in a poor man like me; he had just taken them at the public-house, and he would not be detected in passing bad money; he would put it out of sight—I thought at first he was tipsy, but not afterwards—he went away—I have no doubt he is the person—he had

a sort of bruise in his face, which is now worn away—he had a black frock-coat on, and a cap.





HENRY BENNETT
. I am barman, at the Wheat Sheaf public-house, about 100 yards from Mr. Young's. On 27th Nov. the prisoner came, about a quarter-past four o'clock, for a pint of porter—he had on a corduroy jacket and a cap—there was a man with him, who had on a black frock-coat and a hat—the prisoner offered me a bad shilling—I said, "It is a bad shilling; you must be aware of it"—he seemed to be tipsy, and was rolling about—he said, "You must look over it this time, for I have got no more"—I took the beer back—they went away.





SAMUEL TAYLOR PITTOCK
. I was in the Wheat Sheaf, and saw the prisoner and another man there—the prisoner was dressed in a corduroy jacket; the other had a black frock-coat on—I followed them out, and to Mr. Pullen's shop—the prisoner went in, the other was outside; he ran away—I went into the shop, and took the prisoner by the collar—Mr. Pullen had got a bad shilling, broken into two—I asked if he had taken any bad money of the prisoner—he said, "Yes, a shilling"—the prisoner went down on his knees, and said he was a hard-working man, and begged him to look over it—he appeared to be drunk, but when at the station he was quite sober.





GEORGE PULLEN
. I am a baker, and live in Church-row, St. Pancras. On 27th Nov., about half-past four o'clock, the prisoner came in, and bought two penny loaves—he tendered a bad shilling—I detected it, and broke it into two—I told him it was bad—he pretended to be drunk, and said he was very sorry—I said, "If you are not off I shall give you in charge of the police"—I noticed another man outside, who said, "Come on; never mind; what is the use of waiting for bread?"—the prisoner was about to go, when the last witness came in and collared him, and he was detained—I gave the two pieces of the shilling to the officer.





JOHN BULLOCK
 (policeman, S 246). I took the prisoner, and received these two pieces of a shilling from Mr. Pullen—the prisoner shammed to be drunk, but he was not—I found on him a packet of copper—he gave his address, "17 Crown-street, Soho:" I went there, and no such person lived there.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint. These two pieces of a shilling are counterfeit.

Prisoner's Defence. I took it in a public-house; I did not know it was bad.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

