



854. 




JOSEPH HUNT
 was again indicted

for embezzlement.


MR. BBODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY MATTHEWS
. I live at Deptford, and am an upholsterer; the prisoner is my nephew. On 5th July I had occasion to leave home—I expected a customer, named Charters, to call to pay for some goods, and I told the prisoner if he called those were the goods, and he was to receive the money on delivering them—they came to 4l. odd—I came home in three or four hours—the prisoner was not then in the shop—I saw him in about half an hour, and I said to him, "Mr. Charters has been and had the goods, where is the money?"—the prisoner said he had not paid for them—I said, "You have not delivered the goods without receiving the money; you have got the money, and if you have been out and spent any of it give me what you have got"—he refused to do so, and rushed by me out of doors—I looked after him that evening and night, and found him in a state of intoxication—he has not accounted to me for 1l. 5s. received from Mrs. Dadd—it was his duty to have entered it in a book, and have given it to me—the goods were not entered, and I did not know that Mrs. Dadd had had them.





JAMES CHARTERS
. On 5th July I paid the prisoner 4l. on account of his master—he wrote this receipt in my presence (read—"Goods, amounting to 4l. 5s. 6d". Signed, "James Hunt, for Henry Matthews.")





MARY DADD
. I was a customer of Mr. Matthews's. On 21st July I paid the prisoner 25s. on account of his master—I had called and told him to bring a sofa home and take a couch away, and that was the difference—I did not require a receipt.

Prisoner. I never fetched it at all, the lad left it under the gateway. Witness. You brought it to my new house, and I came to the shop and paid you.

Prisoner's Defence. I received the money from Mr. Charters, went to Greenwich, and unfortunately stopped on the road and spent some of it, and my master did not give me the chance to make it up; I never received a farthing of the other money; Mrs. Dadd only comes here to save herself from the debt.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

