



1933. 




JOHN WILLIAM JONES



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Henry Winfield, with intent to steal.


MR. LILLEY
conducted the Prosecution






WILLIAM WINFIELD
. I am a merchant, and reside with my father at 56, Tavistock-square. On the morning of 12th Oct., I was sleeping in the back drawing-room—I heard some glass fall about a quarter-past 3 o'clock—I supposed from the sound it was from the back kitchen-door, leading into the garden—I got up, raised the window-sash, looked out, and saw a figure close to the kitchen-door—after a few minutes, it moved on one side, and I saw a face looking upwards, and a man's hat—I called for the policeman, and at that moment the man ran from the kitchen-door to the wall—he got on the top of the wall, and I saw the policeman running up Woburn-place, springing his rattle, and the man jumped from the wall into the street—shortly afterwards the prisoner was brought back by the policeman to the side of the wall from whence be sprung—I went down and examined the door, leading from the kitchen to the garden; I found a pane of glass broken, and an iron bar, which went across the door, was down—the glass had been whole the night before, and I had put up the bar myself across the middle of the door inside, and had bolted the door—it is the dwelling-house of my father Charles Henry Winfield, and is in the parish of St. Pancras.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do I understand you to say that the bar was inside the door? A. Yes; I recollect putting it up at half-past 10 at night—that is not my usual habit—I had not put it up for years before—I went down that night, and found it had not been put up, and I put it up—my father is in the habit of going down, but he was gone out of town that day, and I went down in his place—all the other persons in the house were gone to bed.





ROBERT CREBO
 (policeman, E 41). On 12th Oct., I was on duty in Great Coram-street, and heard a cry of "Police!" at half-past 3 o'clock in the morning—I ran in the direction of Tavistock-square—as I was running, I saw the prisoner jump from the wall between Mr. Winfield's, in Tavistock-square, and 30, Woburn-place—he ran, and I sprung my rattle, and followed him—I saw him stopped—I did not lose sight of him—I took him back to the prosecutor's, took him to the station, and found on him four lucifer matches.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is the place where he was stopped from Mr. Winfield's? A. Five or six hundred yards—I stated before the Magistrate that I did not lose sight of him—when he turned the corner, I was close to his heels—I was thirty or forty yards from him when he ran along Tavistock-place.




GUILTY
. * Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

