




982. 




JOHN ADAMS



, stealing 1 purse, and 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., and 50 sovereigns, and 12 half-sovereigns; the goods of 



John Fordham, from the person of 



Eliza Fordham; having been before convicted.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA FORDHAM
. I am the wife of John Fordham, of Harrow-bridge, Stratford. On 26th Feb. I was at a crockery-stall bargaining for a teapot—I had 56l. in my pocket, in sovereigns and half-sovereigns, in a purse, which was tied up in a white handkerchief—directly I left the stall I missed them—I saw Green standing next to me at the stall; and I think there were two more boys, and I saw the prisoner (to the best of my belief he is the same man), about two yards behind me—I was not quite sure of him when I first saw him afterwards, on account of his having whiskers (the prisoner had none)—the prisoner resembles the man very much in height and size.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did not you see two men? A. Yes, one of them was close to me, and made a remark about the teapot I was buying—there was a crowd, but I stood a little distance from it—it was what is called a "cheap Jack" place—the prisoner is very much like the man, except the whiskers—my attention was not called to him at the time—I am not quite sure whether I saw the prisoner again in the same week or the week after—at the police-court there were one or two other men with him—I then said he was like the man.





ANN DOLBY
. I live at Stratford. I was with my sister, Mrs. Fordham, and saw a man, who in my opinion is the prisoner, and another further back—there were two or three boys also.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you say the prisoner is the man? A. No; he is like the man that stood behind my sister.

COURT. Q. In what respect is he like the man? A. In height, but when we were first taken to the cell he had on an over-coat, which made him appear stouter; he is decidedly like the man, and I feel positive in my own mind that he is the man.





JAMES GREEN
 (a prisoner). I am fourteen years old—before this robbery I lived with my parents in Golden-lane—I became acquainted with the prisoner about a week before I was apprehended, at Earley's public-house, in Thrall-street—on this Wednesday morning I went with him to Romford—on the same night, about nine o'clock, I was going down White-chapel with him, and we saw the woman—the prisoner said, "There is a woman, go on to her, she has got it"—Tim Cathedy went to her, picked her pocket of the money, and ran down a lane, where the prisoner snatched the purse out of his hand, and told us to go on to his house and wait there, and when he came he told us to go home and then to the coffee-shop, and then he took us to the public-house and made us spend 10s. a piece—he had given us 2l. each—he stood behind the ladies while they were buying the teapot—there was no other man with him—I know Joseph Williams, who lives down Keate-street.

Cross-examined. Q. When were you taken for this robbery? A. About three weeks after—I was taken down to the lady's house, and it was after that that I mentioned about the prisoner being there—the prisoner's face was the same on that night as it is now—he had no whiskers then, nor to my knowledge while I have known him—the lady said it was me picked her pocket, but it was Tim Cathedy—I do not know where he is—I had

known him about three weeks—I had been away from home about a week—I have had fourteen days from Clerkenwell, on suspicion of attempting to pick pockets at Chalk-road fair, but I was quite innocent—that was twelve months ago—we went to a coffee-shop opposite the court, where the prisoner sent us—we remained there about a quarter of an hour—I have described the place to the police—we were at the public-house till about twelve—the potboy served us there.

MR. COOPER. Q. Did you know the prisoner when you were suspected of picking pockets? A. No.





JOSEPH WILLIAMS
. I know Green and the prisoner—on a Thursday night, about three weeks after I knew the prisoner, I saw him at Earley's beer-shop, and he said, Jemmy Green had been out with him and done fifty-six quids—that means sovereigns—Green was present—I saw him again next morning, and he had on a bran new big coat, the same he has on now—Green was there, and the prisoner told him if he liked he would take him into the country—Green said he would rather stop at Earley's—on the following Sunday night I saw the prisoner at Earley's again, and told him I had seen that a reward of 10l. was offered—he said he did not care a b—r he would be out of the way, he was going down into the country, and would stop till the end of the summer.

Cross-examined. Q. Who keeps Earley's beer-shop? A. A man and woman—I saw the 10l. reward in a ham-shop—I first mentioned the conversation I had had with him, to two policemen on a Saturday—he was not taken then—I have known Green about four months—I have been locked up twice—I got a month from Clerkenwell, about five months ago, for picking pockets, and before that I had fourteen days from the Thames police-court, for stealing bacon—that is better than twelve months ago—I have not been in any employ since I came out of prison—I haw been helping boys to sell things.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). I apprehended the prisoner on 5th March, in Brick-lane, and told him he was charged with being concerned with others in picking a lady's pocket of 56l. In the Mile End-road, while making purchases—he said, "You are wrong, you make a mistake"—I said, "Do you deny that your name is Spencer, or better known as Jim the Lagger"—he said, "You don't know me"—I told him one of the lad's was in custody, and had made a confession—I believe I mentioned Green's name—he said, "If Green likes to speak the truth he knows I was not near him when he committed the robbery."

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the day when Mrs. Fordham saw the prisoner in the cell? A. On the 6th, I believe.





WILLIAM GIFFORD
 (policeman, H 155). I know the prisoner—I saw him four nights before this robbery in Brick-lane, and about a fortnight before in Earley's, in Whitechapel—he then wore whiskers, and two nights before the robbery also—they were real.





MICHAEL CONVEY
 (policeman, V 9). I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court, John Grimes convicted Aug., 1845; having been before convicted, transported for seven years)—I was present—the prisoner is the man—he underwent the sentence.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.
(Policeman, V 9, stated that the prisoner had been back from his transportation about ten weeks. The prisoner stated that he had not arrived in England at the time of the robbery, which could be proved by the Captain of the Oriental Steam-packet, and also by the Secretary of State.)





Transported for Fifteen Years.

