



765. 




JAMES DOWLING



, stealing 1 watch, 1 guard, 3 lockets, and other articles, value 38l. 18s.; the goods of 



Ann Tarr, in her dwelling-house.






ANN TARR
. I am a widow. I keep the King's Head, in Church-street, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green—I know the prisoner as a customer—I saw him there on Saturday night, 9th March, about a quarter to ten o'clock—he left the house, and came back again about ten minutes to ten, and I saw him go up-stairs—there is a public room up-stairs, to which he had a right to go—there were other persons in that room—my servant-girl old me something, in consequence of which I went into my bedroom, which is on the same floor as the public-room—I found the bedroom-door shut but a closet-door inside the bedroom was open—that was always kept locked—I had last seen it about five in the afternoon—I then locked it, and had the key—on finding it open, I looked in, and missed a gold watch and guard, some spoons, trinkets, and other articles—an inner door of the closet was also opened, and from there I missed a box containing ear-rings, gold pins, a locket, a brooch, a guinea-piece and several silver coins, and a variety

of other things—the locks of the closets had been forced open with a chised—I found the prisoner under the bed—I went to the door, and called out, "Thief!"—he got from under the bed, and tried to escape out of the window, but Mr. Smith stopped him—I sent for a policeman, and gave him into custody—I saw part of the property taken from him, and part he gave up himself—these articles (produced) are all my property—they are the things that were taken from the closet—they are worth about 40l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I believe the prisoner assisted Mr. Smith in getting the things out of his pocket? A. Yes—he prayed to be let go, and said he had been led into it by two others—I know nothing of his family—I only knew him by his coming to the house.





DAVID SMITH
. I am a traveller. I was at Mrs. Tarr's house on the night of the 9th, in the public bagatelle-room—I heard a cry of "Thief!" ran to the bed-room, and saw the prisoner trying to escape out of the window—I laid hold of him—he said, "Pray let me go, and I will give all the property up," but I did not let him go—I took these spoons out of his pocket—the officer came, and I gave the things to him.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe he appeared to be very much alarmed and flurried at the position in which he was found? A. Yes, he kept saying, "Let me go," and said he had been led into it by two others—I had seen him two or three times before—I know nothing about his connections.





HENRY TAYLOR
 (policeman). I was called to the house, and found the prisoner—I searched him, and found ten skeleton-keys in his trowsers-pocket—I found this chisel lying on the table.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

