





258. 




WALTER ROGERS,



 JOHN HOBAN
 and 




HENRY HOW



, stealing 1 wooden bowl, value 2d., 2 half-crowns and 4 sixpences; the property of 




William Carter.






WILLIAM CARTER
. I am a silk printer, of West Ham. On 14th Jan., about two o'clock, I received information—I ran through my shop into my back garden—as I passed through my shop, I noticed my till was drawn out, and was left about half open—I went through my garden into a field called Lady's-well field, and there saw the three prisoners, 150 or 200 yards from my premises, walking together—I had known them all for years—I walked up to them and asked them for my money—they all answered that they had no money, and they did not know what I meant—I took hold of Rogers, and How—I found that Rogers meant to struggle, and I told How he might go if he liked, as I knew him so well, I could take him to-morrow—Mr. Anderson came up, he took Hoban, and told him he might go—Mr. Anderson assisted me with Rogers—going to the station we met an officer, and Rogers looked at me and said "Mr. Carter, will you let me go if I give you your money?"—I said, "No, I will give you in custody"—he put his hand in his pocket took out two half-crowns and two sixpences, which he dropped into my hand—I had had a bowl in my till, and as we were going along Mr. Anderson called out "Hold hard, Carter, there goes your money"—the prisoners were breaking the bowl up, and throwing it away, and Mr. Anderson thought that was the money—he picked up this part of a bowl in the field—I believe this to be mine—I had my money is a bowl like this, and the bowl was gone from the till, and some silver that was in it.





ALEXANDER ANDERSON
. On 14th Jan. I was in my garden—I saw Mr. Carter run out of his shop—I followed him to Lady's-well fields—I saw the three prisoners together—Mr. Carter took hold of Rogers; he struggled, and while he was struggling he threw away this part of a bowl behind him, over his shoulder; I picked it up—when the policeman was coming, Rogers begged Mr. Carter to let him go, and he begged me to let him go—I said, I could

not as it was not my property—he said, "Mr. Carter, will you let me go if I give you your money?"—he said, "No; I will give you in custody."

Rogers. I said I would give him some money to let me go. Witness. No; you said, "Your money."





THOMAS CARROLL
 (policeman, K 221). I went to Lady's-well fields that morning, and saw Rogers in custody of Mr. Carter and Mr. Anderson—I went up, and he was charged with robbing the till—Mr. Carter gave me these two half crowns, and two sixpences, and Mr. Anderson gave me this part of a bowl.





CHARLES COLBERT
. I live at West Ham. On 14th Jan., about one o'clock, I was going to dinner—I saw the three prisoners talking, and going towards Mr. Carter's.

Rogers and Hoban were further charged with having been before convicted.






JOHN SMITH
 (policeman K 331). I produce two certificates of Rogers' former convictions, and one of Hoban's—(read—Rogers—Convicted Nov, 1849, and confined three months; also, convicted, July 1850, and confined six months; Hoban convicted Nov. 1849, and confined three months)—I was present—the prisoners are the persons.

ROGERS—


GUILTY
.** Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


HOBAN—


GUILTY
.†Aged 17.—



Confined Twelve Months.


HOW—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.


Before Mr. Recorder.

