



466. 



JAMES TUCKER
 was again indicted

 for feloniously shooting at 



George William Umpleby, with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do him grievious bodily harm.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE WILLIAM UMPLEBY
. I am a woollen draper, at No. 118, Holborn-hill. The prisoner was in my employment—he left me in Jan.—on Tuesday, 7th March, I gave him into custody on a charge of embezzlement—he was taken to the station-house in Smithfield—I went there also—I was on horseback at the time, and I rode to the station—I there made the charge

—the officer was told to search the prisoner—at that time I was standing with my back to the prisoner—I heard a report, and distinctly felt a ball pass over my head, or I suppose it was the current from the ball, but it went so sharp that I felt the pain from it for half an hour afterwards—I thought it had taken the skin off my head, but it had not; it left no mark whatever—I immediately turned round, and saw the prisoner staring with the greatest possible astonishment to see that I had not dropped—I found that the ball had passed through the window immediately behind me, lower than my head—I was surprised how it could have got over my head without having hit it, but he stood a little higher than I was—the ball struck the wainscoting and penetrated to the extent of about an inch, the wainscoting being firm against the wall caused the ball to rebound—the prisoner was secured by the officer, and I saw a pistol in the officer's hands.

Prisoner. Q. What time in the evening was it when you first saw me? A. About a quarter after 7 o'clock—you were coming in the direction of Shoreditch—I first spoke to you in a court—I was on horseback—I rode into the court—there was just room for my horse to turn round in the court—you were so disguised that I was not quite certain whether you were the man or not—I put my head under your bonnet to look—if you had had presence of mind to get away you could have done so—I believe you were sober—I had not seen you I should think for about a fortnight before 7th March—I believe I had finished giving the charge of embezzlement against you at the time this occurred—I said at the station that it was very fortunate you did not attempt to shoot me while I was on horseback—I am not aware that I said I was surprised you did not—I would not be certain;. there was a good deal of conversation passed; it is impossible to recollect the precise words—when you were in the court you were wishing to shun me—you were stooping with your head down, and had one of the felt hats drawn completely over your face; I had to put my head completely under it to know whether it was you or not—I was examining every individual I met, for I thought you might be in woman's clothes or disguised in any way, crawling out about that time of night; I was looking for you—I think the inspector said to you at the station, "You dastardly villain, what have I done to offend you?" or something to that effect, and you replied, "I did not mean it for you, I meant it for him," meaning me—I distinctly heard you say that—I think I said before the Magistrate that I did not distinctly remember it, but I recollected afterwards most distinctly your saying it.





HENRY JOHN TEAGUE
 (City police inspector). I recollect the prisoner being brought to Smithfield station on Tuesday, 7th March—he was charged by Mr. Umpleby with embezzlement—I was entering the charge, and my head was close to Mr. Umpleby's while I was doing it—just as I was putting down the amount, 8l., I felt the bullet pass my head—it did not touch my head; I felt the sensation of its passing me—Mr. Umpleby was standing by the side of me, and it passed from the back of his head to the front of mine—I was a little behind him, leaning to the desk—I turned round, and saw this pistol (produced) in the prisoner's hand—he was in the dock at the time—that is higher than the place where I was standing—I went into the dock, and threw the prisoner down, and another constable picked up the pistol—I traced where the ball had gone through the window, and into the moulding—I have brought the bullet and the moulding too—after the prisoner was fully secured, I asked him why he wanted to injure me—I think I said, "What did you want to fire at me for?"—he said, "I

did not intend it for you, I intended it for him," looking at Mr. Umpleby—I examined the pistol at the time; it had been recently fired.

Prisoner. Q. Was it not in the cell that we had this conversation? A. Not when the remark was first made—you repeated it afterwards to the same effect; I cannot recollect the exact words—after you had been secured and had risen from the ground, Mr. Umpleby said, "I wonder you had not fired at me when I was on horseback," or rather it was more addressed to me than to you—I remember saying in the cell that I was glad it was no worse, both for your sake as well as mine—you made no reply—you were lying down in the cell, composing yourself very comfortably—I do not recollect your saying you were glad it was no worse—it is possible you may have said so; I do not remember it, but I dare say we were both of us glad it was no worse—you were sober' at the time you were brought to the station—Mr. Umpleby stood about eight feet from you—I placed you in the cell about 9 o'clock, and placed a man with you till the morning.





JOHN THORPE
 (policeman, G 193). I took the prisoner into custody between 7 and 8 o'clock on this evening—I took him in a cab to the station—I was there desired by the inspector to search him—I turned round to do so, and saw him pull his right hand from his pocket, and point something in the direction of the prosecutor and Mr. Teague—I did not at first see what it was—I saw the flash and heard the explosion, and then I saw the pistol in his hand—he threw it down on the floor, and he was secured—I took up the pistol, and gave it to the inspector.

Prisoner. Q. Whereabouts was I standing at the time you took me? A. In Shoreditch—Mr. Umpleby was close by the side of you—he was on horseback—you made no attempt to escape—I cannot say whether you might have escaped before you were given in charge—I did not see what it was in your hand at first—I saw you take something from your pocket, and point it in the direction of the prosecutor and Mr. Teague—it was done so instantaneously—I saw the explosion and heard the report, and then I saw the pistol—I think perhaps you had had a little to drink, you were not drunk—you said nothing to me about intending it for Mr. Umpleby—you had no opportunity of making any resistance when I secured you after the pistol was fired.





SUSAN MARSHALL
. I am housekeeper at the Smithfield station. I was in the passage when the pistol went off, and heard Mr. Umpleby calling for the police—I went into the charge room, and the prisoner was then down on the ground with the inspector, and two officers holding him—I then went to the mess room for assistance—when I returned, the prisoner was standing up, and he was laughing when I went in—I told him there was nothing to laugh at to take a man's life away—he then said, "I did not intend it for that gentleman, it was the other"—there were but Mr. Umpleby and Mr. Teague in the office at the time—he looked towards them; they were standing together; I could not possibly say which.

Prisoner. Q. What distance were you standing from me at the time? A. Close to you—I do not think it possible that I could make a mistake—I heard you say to inspector Teague at the cell door, "I did not intend it for you"—there might be twenty policemen there or more after police was called.





THOMAS PRIOR
. I am a cab driver, and live at No. 9, Angel-court, Strand. I drove the prisoner to the Smithfield station—next morning I found two bullet moulds, a tin case with some bullets in it, some nipples, and a large clasped knife—these are them (produced).


Prisoner. Q. What time was It when you found these things? A. Next morning, about 11 o'clock—that was after I heard of the explosion of the pistol—it is my duty to return things found in my cab—I did not find any till—I went to Newgate to see if I could identify you—I could not do so, because you had not got your hat on; that was the reason.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was there an officer in the cab with him? A. Yes.





RICHARD DAVIS
. I am a locksmith and general dealer, in Henrietta-street, Manchester-square. I know the prisoner—on Tuesday, 7th March, I gold him this pistol—it had no nipple on it then—he asked me if I had anything more, and asked for a bullet mould—he said he was going to Australia.





JOHN STEVENS
, I sold the prisoner the nipples for the pistol on 7th March.

Prisoners Defence. On 7th March I had been down to Lower East Smithfield, and on returning home I was walking up the Kingsland-road; I happened to turn round, and saw Mr. Umpleby on horseback, and to avoid him I walked up this turning that he terms a court; he came up to me, and said, "What are you doing here? I have been looking for you for some time; I want to have some conversation with you;" I said, "Very well;" he said, "Where can you got" I then condescended to walk with him, I suppose pretty well a quarter of a mile, or nearly so, till we saw a policeman; he called him, and gave me in charge; we went to the police station at Smithfield; the charge was entered; the policeman was desired to search me; I had the pistol now produced in my pocket, and when the officer was told to search me I pulled it out of my pocket in a hurry to lay it down, and it exploded; the inspector called out, "Police! murder!" and sent for assistance, and I should think not less than twenty policemen came in, most of them with their jackets off, and each of them took a very active part, or tried to do so, in searching me; I had a pair of gaiters on at the time, and they were trying to take my boots off without taking my gaiters off; I could not help smiling at the time; I was told to stand on my legs; that accounts for Mrs. Marshall saying I was laughing; I might have smiled, for I could not help smiling to see so many able bodied men trying to get my boots off without taking my gaiters off; they searched me and found some money on me, and they locked me up; about an hour after I was locked up in the cell, inspector Teague came in, and said, "Now you seem a little more cool than you were a short time back, is there anything you want?" and he said to the housekeeper, who was standing outside, "Let the prisoner have anything he wants, any refreshment or anything of the sort," and pretended to make me very comfortable; he sent up stairs for a mattrass to lie upon, which I thought was very kind of him; he rubbed his hands, and said, "I don't know whether you meant this for me, but you gave me very short notice;" this conversation took place in the cell, I have no recollection of any other; I said, "It is not likely I intended it for you, neither did I intend it for Mr. Umpleby;" it is not likely, if I had intended it for Mr. Umpleby, that I should have said so to inspector Teague; Mrs. Marshall hearing Mr. Teagues statement at Guildhall, as a matter of course states the same thing, it is natural; having bought the pistol the same morning that I saw Mr. Umpleby, it does not appear at all probable that I bought it for the purpose of shooting him with it; if I had intended to take his life, I should have been prepared weeks before, or days before at all events; having bought the bullet mould for the purpose of making bullets, it does not appear very much like intending it for one particular purpose; my object was to have left

London; I intended to take the pistol with me; the knife I had had in my possession for a long time, and generally carried it with me.




GUILTY

on 2nd count. Aged 37.—


Transported for Life.

MR. BALLANTINE

stated that the prisoner had been previously convicted of embezzlement, and sentenced to eight months imprisonment; that Mr. Umpleby had nevertheless consented to employ him that he might redeem, his character and that he very shortly commenced with him a series of embezzlements.

