




13. 




JOHN WHITE



, stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; the property of 



Isador Abrahams, from his person.


MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






ISADOR ABRAHAMS
. I am a native of Holland, and am a ship agent, living in Scarborough-street East, Goodman's-fields. On Monday, 10th Nov., between 11 and 12 o'clock in the morning, I was in Princes-street, near the Bank, during the procession of the Lord Mayor's show—there was a very large crowd—the prisoner stood next to me—I felt something in my pocket, and felt something go from it, and I saw the prisoner go with my watch from the place: it had been in my right hand waistcoat pocket—I am quite sure I saw it in the prisoner's hand—he ran into the crowd—I ran after him—he stopped, and turned back of his own accord, and I asked him for my watch—he said, "Oh, I have not got your watch!"—he called out several names, "Bill, Tom, and so on; and several people came up, and said, if the man has got your watch, why don't you search him?"—and they came between us, and stood in front of me—they said to the prisoner, why don't you run away?—he ran away, and one person, a little fellow, came in front of me, to give the prisoner the opportunity of running away—I ran after him, and called "Stop thief!"—he was seized by a policeman—I did not lose sight of him—he made a very pitiful face, and said, "I never took your watch;" and coming from the station to Guildhall, he said, "If you will go with me to my house, I will give you 2l., and you must drop the matter"—I gave more than 2l. for my watch; it was a silver one; it has not been found—this ring (produced) was found on the ground—the prisoner found it about three yards from the place where he took my watch—he said, "Why don't you look round, may be you will find your watch?" and before we moved from the place, he said, "There is your ring on the ground"—I picked it up—he saw it—it was not possible for him to have seen it on the ground, because I stood before him.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. I suppose the crowd was very thick there? A. Yes; the people were standing as close as they could—the prisoner was not standing by me a minute before he ran away—he was about a yard from me at the time I lost my watch—I went up to him, and said, "I want my watch"—he directly ran through the crowd—I ran after him, and he came back again—he could have run away—some person said, he is not the man that stole your watch, another man did it—I should recollect that man if I were to see him—I called out that I had lost my watch—the people about heard me, but they took no interest in my loss—I saw 7d. and a little comb found on the prisoner.

MR. BIRNIE. Q. Was it one of the persons who answered to his call of Bill and Jack, that said he was not the man that took your watch? A. Yes; I am quite sure of that.





ROBERT JOHNSON
 (City-policeman, 812). On Monday, 10th Nov., I saw the prosecutor in Princes-street running after the prisoner, calling out "Stop thief!"—I took the prisoner to the station, searched him, and found 1s. 6d. in silver, 11/2 d. in copper, and a comb—in coming from the station to Guildhall, he said to the prosecutor, "I will give you 2l. if you will say no more about it."

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prisoner walking when you took him? A. He was running from the prosecutor—there was a great crowd.




GUILTY
. ** Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

