



1015. 




ROBERT HALL



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the property of a man unknown; from his person: having been before convicted.






GEORGE SCOTT
 (City policeman, 560). On 31st March, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner go up Compter-street, in the Borough—I knew him before, went after him, and saw him put his band into a gentleman's pocket, take a handkerchief, and put it into his breast—I went across the road, he taw me coming, ran away, pulled out the handkerchief and threw it into the road—a man jumped out of one of Pickford's vans and picked it up—I took the prisoner; he said, "Oh dear, let me go."

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Are you sure he said that? A. Yes; I said so at the police-court—I am sure of that—I have been a policeman eleven years—I followed the prisoner to the Borough—I am not confined to the City, if I see a thief going anywhere—I have had another case here—that is tried—I do not know now whether that happened before or after this—I did not tell the Magistrate that I saw him put the

handkerchief into his breast—the deposition was read over to me, and I signed it—I said I saw him take the handkerchief and throw it away—I have not spoken to Woodgate about it—I did not come here with him—the prisoner ran down three streets, and I could not go after the gentleman—I called out, I do not know whether he heard me—I have had a great many handkerchief cases before, with unknown prosecutors.





THOMAS WOODGATE
. I am in the service of Baxendale and Company, called Pick ford's; I was in the Borough with a van, and saw the prisoner run by, and the policeman after him—the prisoner pulled the handkerchief from his bosom and threw it away—I picked it up—a gentleman came to me, and in consequence of what he said I gave it to him.

Cross-examined. Q. You don't know who the gentleman is? A. No; I came here by myself—I have not had any conversation with Scott about the case—I do not know whether he was present before the Magistrate, when I said I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from his bosom.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

