



1021. 




CAROLINE ARNOLD



, stealing 1 purse, value 6d., 15 sovereigns, 10s., 2 10l.-notes, and 3 5l.-notes; the property of 



Samuel Stern, from his person.


MR. GIFFORD
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL STERN
. I am a dealer in jewellery, and live in Jewry-street. On Saturday, 9th Oct., I was standing near the Trinity-house, in Trinity-square, Tower-hill, a little after 8 o'clock—the prisoner came and accosted me; she asked me to take a walk with her—I said, "No, thank you, I am waiting for a friend"—she came close to me, put her hand round me, and she again said, "Do come with me"—I objected to it—I said, "No, thank you, I am waiting for a friend"—she then walked away, but by taking her hand away she lifted the flap of my coat, and that gave me suspicion—I put my hand to my pocket and missed my purse—I had two coats on—I am not positive whether the prisoner had her hand between my two coats or under them—my purse contained two 10l.-notes, three 5l.-notes, about 15l. in gold, and 10s. or more in silver—I had my purse in my side pocket, on my left hand—while I was feeling my pocket a man rushed from the middle of the square, and got on the pavement—he got fast hold of roe by the collar of my coat—I had missed my purse before he came up—I struggled, tore myself away from him, and followed the prisoner—I overtook her about fifty yards from where I had the struggle with the man—as I was taking hold of

her I observed the money lying on the ground, and I heard the noise of the money running down—I could only see the gold, not the notes; they were in the purse—I asked her where my purse was, and she pointed to it on the ground—I stood between the notes and the gold—she pointed behind me, and said, "There is your purse"—I picked up the purse—the gold and silver was all out of it—the notes were in it—I called "Police!" before I picked the purse up—a policeman came, and I gave the prisoner into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Was where you were standing a thoroughfare? A. Yes; I had been standing there about five minutes—I had not been talking to the prisoner above two minutes—when she came up and accosted me, she came close upon my standing—I had a coat on similar to the one I have on now—I had two coats on, neither of them were buttoned—my purse was in my inner coat pocket—I called "Police!" before I saw the purse—I stood very quiet till I got hold of her—when she first left me, she was walking very slowly; but when I began to pursue her, she ran very fast—I did not call "Police!" till I had hold of her—a great many people came up besides the policeman—I had no memorandums in the purse; the silver was separate from the gold, and also from the notes—the purse could not so easily get loose, and fall from my pocket; it might do so—if it fell the silver and gold would get loose from the notes—I took the purse from the ground; this is it—I saw the gold on the pavement as I came up, and got hold of the prisoner—the gold was just where she was standing—I heard the money falling down before I got bold of her, but I did not see it—she had gone a very short distance after I heard the money fall—I had felt my purse safe before I came to the square, about half an hour before—I had seen it about an hour before, at home—I had not been drinking at all.

MR. GIFORD. Q. Where did you come from to the square? A. The Minories; in going to the square I did not go past the place where I afterwards found this gold—I went quite in a different direction.

COURT. Q. Where had you been before? A. In a cigar shop in the Minories, talking; I felt the purse safe after I left the cigar shop—I walked very slowly from the Minories to the square—I was speaking to a friend.





GEORGE CROUCH
 (City-policeman, 534). On that night I heard a cry of "Police"—I went to the place and saw the prosecutor, who had hold of the prisoner—he stated to me that she had robbed him—he asked the prisoner where the purse was—she said, "There it is"—he turned round, and it laid on the pavement—the prosecutor picked it up, opened it, and said, "My notes are all right"—this is the purse—the gold and silver was strewed on the pavement, close to where the purse was—the prosecutor picked up the gold and silver.

Cross-examined. Q. How far were you from this place? A. About twenty yards; I was not within sight of them—they were just out of the square, and I was in the square—the purse was about a yard, or a yard and a half from the prosecutor—it was within a yard or two of the gold and silver.




GUILTY
.* Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.

