




1575. 




THOMAS CLIFF



, stealing 1 fork, and 1 spoon, value 17s.; the goods of 



Walter Morisse, his master; and 





MARY RYAN



, feloniously receiving the same; to which Cliff pleaded





GUILTY
.

MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






WALTER MORISSE
. I am a working silversmith, at 5, Crescent, Jewin-street. Cliff was in my employ about nine days—while he was with me, between 26tb July and 2nd Aug., I missed a dessert spoon, table fork, teaspoon, sauce ladle, and a mustard pot—the market value of old silver is 5s. per ounce, but for sterling silver, such as a spoon which has no solder upon it, 5s. 2d.—these articles were worth 7s. 6d. an ounce as manufactured articles.





BENJAMIN SAUNDERS
. I am in the employ of my brother, a refiner, of 2, St. John's-square, Clerkenwell. On a Thursday or Friday, at the commencement of Aug., Ryan brought me a fork—it was bent nearly double—I gave her 4s. 9d. per ounce for it—next day she brought me a spoon, which I gave her the same price for—I had seen her five or six times before, and am certain she is the person—the spoon and fork are either melted or sold.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ask her any questions? A. No; I took her for a dust-heap raker—I cannot tell the pattern of the fork—I cannot tell now how much they weighed, or how much I paid her—the policeman came to me about four days afterwards—I cannot connect her with any of the many items in my books.





WILLIAM GREEN
. I live at 2, Falcon-place, Coppice-row, and have known Cliff some time—I knew he worked at a silversmith's, but did not know where—about three weeks ago, I went with him to Mrs. Ryan's—he took a fork which looked like silver, and gave it to her—I went there with him again next day—he took her a silver spoon—she left the house, came back, and gave Cliff 9s—he gave her 1s., and me 44.—she gave him 4s. or 5s. on the other occasion, and he gave her 6d. or 1s., and I received 1s.—
I heard him ask her to sell them, and she went out—the spoon and fork were both straight—I took the 4s. because he offered it to me; I had no claim to it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say he found them? A. No; I was taken up at first, and then made a witness.





ROBERT PACKMAN
 (City-policeman, 133). In consequence of information, I went with Turvey to Green's residence—Cliff, who I had taken over night, went with us, and showed me where Green lived—I went with Green and Cliff to 31, Little Bowling-street, Clerkenwell, where Cliff pointed out Ryan, and said, "That is the woman we sold the spoon and fork to"—I told her we were police-constables, and wanted the property, as it was stolen—she said she had bought no such things of the boys, and never taw them before in her life—I took her to the station—as I was telling the inspector the charge, she said, "the boys brought her the spoon and fork, and said they bad found it, and she believed they had done so, and she sold the spoon for 5s., and the fork for 9s."
(James Kenny, grocer and cheesemonger, gave Ryan a good character; but Henry Webb, City-policeman, 258 , stated that her house was a place of resort for young thieves.)

RYAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(Cliff was further charged with having been before convicted.) JAHES CLARK (policeman, A 448). I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court, Thomas Cliff, convicted May, 1850, of stealing in a dwelling-house, confined one week and whipped)—Cliff is the person.


GUILTY. Aged 14.—



Confined Six Months.

