



484. 




JOHN BAKER



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Frances Maria Kelly, and stealing 1 barometer, and 1 handkerchief, value 2l. 2s.; her goods. 2nd COUNT, burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house, and stealing said goods.






FRANCES MARIA KELLY
. I am a single woman. On Tuesday, 15th March, Mary Greville slept in the same room with me—we retired to rest as nearly as possible about 12 o'clock—Miss Greville went to bed last—about 2 o'clock in the morning I was aroused by the growling of my dog, who sleeps outside of the door of my bedroom—we both heard a violent skiffle with the dog—he seemed to seize something and pursue something down stairs, and I heard something fall, and afterwards found something which had been placed to keep him up stairs had fallen—Miss Greville got up, took a candle, lighted it by the night light, and went into the dressing-room adjoining, which does not open into the bedroom—I heard her scream out in a very terrified manner, "A man! a man!"—she then came back into my room, and closed the door—I opened the window of the house, gave an alarm, and the police came—I refused to go down stairs then, but I did afterwards, and found a constable at the back door—it was then very nearly half past 2 o'clock, not quite half an hour after I was first alarmed—since that some difficulty had been found in opening the door, and this morning I tried it myself, and after much difficulty did lock it, and this piece of iron (produced) dropped out of the lock—I found a small press ransacked, and the floor strewed with burning of papers which appeared to have been lighted for some purpose—a candle was turned down on the bed—things were distributed all over the kitchen—a barometer had been taken from the staircase where it had been hanging up, and placed in the kitchen—this is it (produced)—the prisoner was soon afterwards brought to the house by a constable—this handkerchief (produced) is mine—it was kept in a press in the dressing-room—I am confident it was there up to the time the man came into the house—I had seen it constantly.

Prisoner. It is my handkerchief; I was taken half a mile from the house, and taken back. Witness. I did not miss the handkerchief till it was found, but its peculiar history makes it impossible for me to have the least doubt about it—I sewed the border on to it for the purposes of my profession, and I have worn it on my head upwards of two hundred times for a particular purpose; for thirty-five years.





MARY ELLEN GREVILLE
. I was residing with Miss Kelly. Early in the morning of the 16th I was aroused by the dog barking, and distinctly heard something fall down stairs—I got out of bed, took a candle, went into the dressing-room, and saw a man who resembles the prisoner standing facing me—I feel convinced he is the person—I called out, "A man!" and, having

extinguished the candle by accident, went into Miss Kelly's room—she made an alarm, and the police arrived—we then went down, and found a policeman holding the back-door in his hand—I was the last person up the night before and left that door closed in the usual manner—I fastened it myself—when the prisoner was brought back I told the police that he was dressed precisely the same, but he was then very red, and when I saw him in the room he was pale—I feel certain he is the man.





ALFRED PAIN
 (policeman,) About half-past 2 o'clock on the morning of 16th March I heard a cry of "Police!" went into the garden of 30, Moscow-road, and saw the prisoner come from the back-door—that is Miss Kelly's house—he went over the wall into a field—I called out, M Look out, there be goes!" to another policeman who was on duty in the field—I got over into the garden of No. 30, and found the back-door open, but there was no appearance of violence—I found things strewed about, and this barometer standing against the table in the front kitchen—Kemp brought back the prisoner.





THOMAS KEMP
 (policeman.) On the morning of 16th March I was on duty in Westbourne-grove, and heard a cry of "Police!"—I went to the field at the back of Moscow-road, and heard a cry of "Look out, there he goes!"—I ran directly into the field, and saw the prisoner standing in a ditch at the back of Moscow-road—I know Miss Kelly's premises—by getting over the wall you can get to where the prisoner was standing—I secured him, and asked him what he was doing there—he said he was doing nothing—he tried to twist my arm to get away—a brother constable came, and I took him to the station, searched him, and found this silk handkerchief in his right-hand pocket, these shoes, and a pair of socks—he had no shoes or stockings on.

Prisoner. Q. Was not I sitting down in the ditch? A. You were standing up when I saw you—it is more than two yards from the thoroughfare—it is one hundred yards.





SOLOMON HANNANT
 (police inspector D.) The prisoner was brought to the station by Kemp, who searched him in my presence, and found this handkerchief in his right-hand coat pocket—I asked the constable what it was for, and he said it was for breaking into the house No. 30, Moscow-road—the prisoner said, "I know nothing about it"—I said, "This handkerchief will be sufficient to show it does not belong to you," for he had another handkerchief, which was very dirty—I went and examined the house, and found the back-door open—there were no marks on it, either on the inside or the outside, therefore it must have been opened in the usual way—that was the only door that was open—the front kitchen door was fastened and bolted—there was no appearance of anybody getting in from the outside.





ALFRED PAIN

re-examined. I examined the lock of the door this morning—this piece of iron produced is not a part of the lock—it must have been pot in somehow or other; how I cannot say, for the lock is perfectly whole—the house is in the parish of Paddington.

Prisoner's Defence. I was taken into custody, and the policeman asked me what I had got about me; I said I had nothing but what belonged to myself; another policeman in plain clothes came, and the moment I entered he struck me on the head and jaw, and on my hand; it is scarcely well now; I asked what I was charged with; he said he didn't know, and I was taken to the station house; another policeman was there, who struck me three times.





MARY ELLEN GREVILLE
 (re-examined). The door was fastened with a bar and two bolts—there was no possibility of any person putting his hand in and undoing the bolts.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

