



696. 




REBECCA RICE HAMILTON (33)


, Felonionsly sending to 



William Allingham a certain letter threatening to accuse him of an infamous crime; with intent to extort money. (See page 47.)


MESSRS. BODKIN. and
FRY. conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES HYDE
. I am a painter, and live at No. 26, Moorgate Street. I was in the service of Mr. Le Cren; my mother lived there, as housekeeper to him and Mr. Allingham, who lived in the same house—on 17th Feb., between 9 and 10 o'clock at night, I found a letter in the letter box of the door—this is it (produced)—I gave it to my mother at once.





ELIZABETH HYDE
. I am the wife of John Hyde, and the mother of the last witness. On the evening of 17th Feb. I received this letter from my son; I gave it to Mr. Allingham immediately.





WILLIAM ALLINGHAM
. I am a surgeon. I now reside at No. 36, Finsbury Square—I formerly lived at No. 26, Moorgate Street; I was living there in Feb.—I had recently returned from the Crimea—on 17th Feb. I received this letter from my housekeeper—after reading it I consulted my legal advisers, and it was handed over to the inspector of police—it was in the state it is now; it was open, not sealed—I do not know anything of the prisoner.





EMILY BRUFF
. I live at No. 5, Bridgewater Square, Barbican—my husband is a cabinet maker. I have known the prisoner nearly five years—she came to lodge with us five years since, next July—she has been living with me nearly all that time—she occupied two rooms on the third floor—when she came to me she was a stock maker; lately she has tried mantle work, and nightcaps for a short time—she has been at work very little, not so much as before—I have seen her write her bills—I believe this letter to be her writing—I remember the officers coming to search the premises, about two months ago—they searched her rooms; Mr. Bruff and I were both present—they searched the whole of her boxes—I saw them take papers away; they took them out of a desk of hers.

Prisoner. Q. Was not a letter addressed to Mr. Simmonds enclosed to me in a letter addressed to Emily Taylor? A. It was so—I think there were two letters sent to Emily Taylor, I am not quite sure; there were two letters—the letter stated that she was to take it to the warehouse, and say she had seen you write it—(MR. BODKIN. here produced the letter)—I did not look at the papers which the officers took—I believe the letter you speak of was given to you by Emily Taylor; I do not know exactly how it came—it was shown to me, I should think, a year and a half before the officers came—there was a bad shilling inclosed in one of the letters; you showed it to me—I do not know what became of that letter.

COURT. Q. How often have you seen the prisoner write? A. I think about three times; I saw her write bills to put in the window for girls to work.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Who is Emily Taylor? A. A girl who worked for the prisoner—I have seen her here to-day—the prisoner told me that Emily Taylor had brought that letter, and the girl herself said so—I was not present when she brought it.





JOHN MARK BULL
. I am a detective officer of the City of London. I

have been for some time past employed to trace, if I could, the author of letters of this description—I have inquired at the places mentioned in the letter, and learnt that they knew nothing of the prisoner—I went to the prisoner's lodging on 22nd April, after I had taken her into custody—I found these two letters in a box in her room—the box was not locked—Mrs. Bruff and Thain were present, and I think Mr. Bruff.





MIRIAM SMITH
. I am married; I live at No. 51, Cornhill. I have known the prisoner nearly twenty years—she was a stock maker—I have seen her write—this letter is very like her handwriting; I could not say that it is her's, I think it is very like it—I believe it to be her's; the letter that I received proves it.

COURT. Q. Have you been much in the habit of looking at various handwritings? A. No—I can write—I have seen the prisoner write a dozen times or more—the last time was about twelve months ago.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You were very intimate with her, I believe? A. Yes.





CATHERINE COLLINS
. I live in Bloomfield Street North, Dalston. I am in no business now; I have been a stock maker—I was acquainted with the prisoner, I am not now; only for the time that I worked with her, about sixteen years back—it is full thirteen years ago that I saw her, and then quite promiscuously—I have seen her write—she used to write bits of poetry of an evening, nothing wrong—I believe this letter to be her writing—it very much corresponds with letters that were written about me to Mr. Hellaby—it is like the writing that I have seen of her's.

Prisoner. I do not recollect you; what was your name then? Witness. Catherine Molloy—I have been married fifteen years; you recollect me very well—I have seen you write; I have your writing by me now, with your own signature to it.





EMMA ATKINS
. I live at No. 22, Bartlett's Buildings. I am the wife of Robert Atkins—I am a mantle maker—I know the prisoner very slightly; she worked a little for me—she was living in the house at the time I took lodgings there, two years ago—I have seen her write—I have seen letters written by her, which she has said were her writing—I believe this letter to be her writing—I had received a great many letters, and letters were sent to the house of Mr. Bruff, taxing me with being a most immoral character, and my husband the same—they were very indecent dreadful letters—I taxed the prisoner with being the author of them in the presence of Mrs. Bruff, and she said, "Good God, it is my writing."

Prisoner. Q. On what occasion did you see me write? A. On the evening of the Saturday on which a letter came—T came into your room, and you were writing; I and my daughter came to see a letter which you said you had received respecting me—I took a bill which you wrote, which was exactly the same handwriting, to show to the detective officer, and then I asked Mrs. Bruff to be a witness to my interview with you—I asked you if it was your writing, and you threw up your hands, and said, "Good God, it is my writing."

Prisoner. I said the bill was my writing certainly, but not the letter.

COURT. Q. How often have you seen her write? A. Twice—the last time was two years ago—it was apparently a letter that I saw her write; I did not read it, I merely saw her writing—several letters struck me as being the same, and my suspicions were aroused.





FRANCIS BABB
. I am a boot maker, and live at No. 5, Redcross Square. I have known the prisoner for sixteen or eighteen years—I have seen her write several times—I believe this letter to be in her handwriting.


Prisoner. Q. On what occasion have you seen me write? A. I have seen you write bills repeatedly, and one Sunday I saw you put down the income and outlay, at my wife's request.

COURT. Q. How long ago is it since you saw her write? A. About three years ago—I may say I have seen her write dozens of times—I have looked at the writing afterwards—(The letter in question was here read; it commenced, "Sir, please enclose, on receipt of this, one sovereign; if not, I will at once accuse you of an unnatural crime." The remainder of the letter was totally unfit for publication).

Prisoner. I wish the two letters addressed to Emily Taylor to be read.





THOMAS THAIN
. I am a detective officer of the City. I accompanied Bull to the prisoner's lodging, and took possession of this book—on a second occasion I took possession of a letter addressed to Emily Taylor—I found it among a parcel of papers in the room—(This letter signed "A Friend" was addressed to Emily Taylor, and requested her to make statements affecting the prisoner's character; for which payment was promised)—I have seen the prisoner write—I believe that letter to be in her handwriting.

Prisoner's Defence. I can only say that these letters have been going on for the last five years; they commenced by threatening that I should not remain in the stock business; for a long time they sent letters to the house where I was living; then they commenced at the warehouses where I used to work, till they got me out of the work, and when I got into another warehouse the letters began again; then they took to writing to my work people, similar to that of Emily Taylor, asking them to say I was the party that sent these letters; I was at last driven out of the stock business; I took to the mantle business, and the same thing commenced again while I was working for Welch and Margetson; I had not been at work there a month when a letter was sent to the warehouse boy, asking him to cut my work with a penknife, and then go to Mr. Margetson, and say I had sent in my work imperfect; Thain has that letter, and also another that was sent to a young person that was working for me, offering her a sovereign if she would, when she went out to her dinner, take two or three of the stocks with her, and also an apron, or anything of mine, and carry them to Mr. Welch, and swear that I had sent her to pledge them, and to tell Mr. Welch that she had seen me write letters.

MR. BODKIN. stated that in consequence of what the prisoner had stated on the former trial, the prosecutors had secured the attendance of the persons to whom the prisoner alluded, and were prepared to produce such letters as she desired. The prisoner called






MARY ANN COWELL
. I have never seen the prisoner write letter—I received this letter (produced by Thain) at the commencement of last Oct. twelve months—I took it back to Miss Hamilton the next morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Where did you get it from? A. It came to my house, No. 12, Princes Street, by post—I am not acquainted with the prisoner's handwriting—(this was a letter signed Mrs. Thomas Clark, addressed to the witness, urging her to make false statements as to the character of the prisoner)—I do not know any such person as Mrs. Thomas Clark—the prisoner worked for Mr. Welch.





EMILY TAYLOR
. I received this letter (produced) three years ago in Oct.—the letter to Mr. Simmonds was enclosed in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you worked for the prisoner? A. Yes, in Bridgewater Square; I sat in the same room with her—she had

another room—she used frequently to go into that other room, I do not know for what purpose—I have often fetched her writing paper and postage stamps—I have afterwards seen her go into the other room by herself, and remain there some time—I have bought 6d. worth of stamps at once, and a quire of letter paper—she worked for Mr. Hellaby at that time—I have never seen her write—she has been in the room by herself for three or four hours after I have fetched her the paper.

Prisoner. Q. Did I ever send you to post any letters to any persons? A. No—I am sure you have been in the other room as long as three or lour hours by yourself.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did she produce any needlework that she had done during that time? A. No, she never took any in—(At the prisoner's request a letter was also put in and read, addressed to "George, Stock Department, Welch and Margetson's, Bridge Place, Southwark Bridge Road, to the same effect as the other.)





CHARLES THAIN
. re-examined. I believe this letter and the other to be in the prisoner's handwriting—I have seen her write three times, in April this year.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Life.

