






383. 



JOHN STANDEN,



 DAVID COOKE
, and 



EDWARD LEE



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Maria Getliffe, and stealing therein 29 shillings, 120 pence, 24 halfpence, two spoons, 4 brooches, 1 necklace, and other articles, value 5l. 18s.; her property.—2nd COUNT


charging COOKE with receiving; she having been before convicted.

MR. RIBTONM
conducted the Prosecution






ESTHER FIGG
. I reside with my sister, Mrs. Getliffe, at the British Queen, George-street, Hammersmith, On Christmas-eve we went to bed about half-past twelve, and before doing so we bolted and locked the doors and windows—on Christmas morning I was down about half-past seven—before getting up, at about a quarter to seven, I had heard footsteps in the prisoner Standen's room—there are four rooms on the floor—I sleep with my sister and the three children in the front room, and Standen slept in the back—I can hear a tread in his room, and the joists spring when they get out of bed in that room—there is a brick wall between the rooms—Standen was a lodger in the house, and carries crockeryware for sale—his usual hour for getting up was about eight—when I got down-stairs I took hold of the strap of the front door that straps it back, and the door opened—there is no lock; it fastens by a bolt in the middle, and another at the top; they were drawn—I found the bar-door forced open, and one leading to the bar-parlour, the top part of which was locked on the previous evening, and the key taken up-stairs—the bottom was bolted, and the other door also—I found the bottom part broken open, and the top still locked—I found the bar-parlour in confusion, the cupboard forced

open, and from it I missed two silver table-spoons, four silver labels, four brooches, three rings, a shawl-pin, two breast-pins, a coral necklace, three seals, six shirt studs, 1l. 9s. in silver, and 11s. in copper—I know Cooke and Lee—I had seen them at the house on Christmas-eve—I last saw them about eleven o'clock together—Standen was in the room at the time, but not with them—in the morning I found the passage-door, leading from the bar out into the back yard, still bolted in the inside, and an outer ne also, as I had left them—I found the kitchen and coal-cellar doors open, and the kitchen window also, which is a sliding window; that is at the back of the house; there is a grating to it, and it seemed lifted up a little—supposing any one to have got in at that window, they could have got to the bar, but they must have forced the kitchen door, which was bolted overnight on the inside of the passage, outside the kitehen—my father, who is 78 years old, and unable to attend here, also slept in the house, a Mr. Little, a lodger, the prisoner Standen, and his son—Standen came down that morning about eight o'clock—the kitchen door was open, but I did not observe whether it had been forced.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Have you a particular recollection of having fastened the place on that night? A. Yes; we were not particularly busy that evening—I cannot say how many people there were in the house between nine and twelve o'clock—we have a pretty good business—there might have been thirty in the course of the evening in and out—Lee has used our house about a month.





MARIA GETLIFFE
. I am a widow, and am the owner of the British Queen, public-house. On Christmas eve I went to bed a little after twelve o'clock, before doing so I examined the premises—I and my sister went up together—I fastened the front door, and ray sister held the candle—it is secured by bolts—the prisoner had been drinking at the house that night, but had left—I examined the other doors, and they were all secure—on coming down in the morning, and going to the bar-parlour I found everything in confusion, and a number of articles taken away, which I had seen safe the evening before—the only inmates of the house are my father, my three children, my sister, myself, Mr. Little, the prisoner Standen and his boy, who I should think is ten or eleven years old.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do you rent the house yourself? A. Yes; it is my business, not my father's—I was before the Magistrate, but was not examined.

COURT. Q. How long has Standen been lodging with you? A. About seven months—he pays me 2s. 6d. a week for himself and boy—his boy used to work with him—he kept his stock of crockery in my scullery—he would not go through the kitchen to go there—I saw my sister fasten the kitchen door on this night, I did not see it again till three o'clock next day—my sister left the key in it, and it was there next day—I did not see any signs of its having been broken open.





JOHN LITTLE
. I lodge with Mrs. Getliffe—there are four doors open on to the landing, and mine is a side room, opposite Standen's; it is a corner house—there is only one floor—on the morning of Christinas day, before I got up, I heard footsteps come up-stairs, and there was a sort of slight stumble nearly at the top of the stairs as I imagined—it was not daylight—I cannot say which way they went—about half an hour after, I

heard Mrs. Getliffe's room unlocked, and heard her sister, as I supposed, go down-stairs—I know Standen and Cooke, but not much of Lee—I saw Cooke and Standen in the tap-room on Christmas-eve together drinking, and Lee was at the further corner, behind the door—the last I saw of Lee was about eleven, when I went to bed—I saw Cooke take a pot, or part of a pot, of porter over to Lee, and ask him to drink.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Were there twenty people there? A. No; there might be a dozen.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADDISON. Q. How long were you in the tap-room? A. Two or three hours—people were coming in and going out all the time—there was drinking going on.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did it not strike you as a suspicious thing when you heard the footsteps? A. It did, after I heard Mrs. Getliffe's door unlocked—I think the person had no shoes on—I thought the potman, Axtell, who slept with Standen, might have been down-stairs, and was coming up again—I did not know that he was out that night—I drank with a Mr. Appleford that night, I do not recollect drinking with any one else—I have not been charged with letting any one into the house.





JAMES AXTELL
. I am potman at the British Queen. On Christmas-eve I shut up the house, and about ten minutes past twelve o'clock went out with Mr. Appleford—all the parties who had been drinking there had left, except Standen who slept in the house—Mrs. Getliffe and her sister saw me out, and Standen came to the door, and said if I knocked at his window he would come and let me in, and if not he would light my fires in the morning—Cooke came out at the same time, but I did not notice which way he went—Lee had left a quarter of an hour before—I generally sleep with Standen—I left Mr. Appleford at hull-past two, came home, found the front-door fastened, and I went round to the skittle-ground, and knocked at Standen's window with a clothes' prop—I did not get any answer—I went into the skittle-ground, fastened the door, opened a truss of straw and lay on it, and covered myself with a meal sack—I saw the kitchen window, but I did not examine it—I must have seen it if it had been slided back—when I got up in the morning at a quarter-past seven, the iron grating was raised up a little—I must have seen that if it had been so at night—I then tapped at the window as I had done before, and Standen looked out, and said he was getting up—Mrs. Getliffe unbolted the back-door and let me in—on the evening before, Cooke went across the tap-room to Lee, who was sitting behind the door, and asked him to drink—they talked, and sat down together.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADDISON. Q. You went out at midnight to spend an hour or two with Mr. Appleford? A. Yes; I do not usually commence my visits at that time—it is the only time I have been out for two years—Appleford is independent—he has had some property lately left him by his father—his wife is a laundress—before he got the property he had been away from home some time—I do not know what that was for; I never inquired—I visited no one but him that night—I remained with him, having toast and ale, till half-past two o'clock—I know the time by seeing the clock in his house—he lives within five doors of the British Queen.


Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How long were you having toast and ale? A. From ten minutes past twelve o'clock till half-past two—I stopped till the ale was out, but I did not keep on drinking—we had two pots of ale between me, Appleford, his wife, and mother-in-law—I had been sitting all the evening at the British Queen, drinking with Appleford, and attending to my business—I was not the worse for liquor at all—I never slept in the skittle-ground before—I lived at the house seven years before Mrs. Getliffe came there, and I never saw this grating moved up before—I had to climb over a stone coping to get into the skittle-ground—I did not try the back-door or the windows, I had shut them myself before I went out—Mr. Appleford is not here—Standen's window is ten or twelve feet from the ground.

MR. RIBTON. Q. Were you drunk or sober that evening? A. Sober; I had my mistress's leave to go out—I have been out once before when the house was shut up; I stayed with a Mr. Smith that night, and came home in the morning—when I came home on this morning I saw that the back-door was closed—I was about a yard from it, and standing alongside the grating.

COURT. Q. When did you ask leave to go out? A. Ten minutes before I went—I was not aware I was going till Appleford asked me—he said to me, in the tap-room, "You may as well go home with me and spend the evening, and we will take some toast and ale home"—Standen and Cooke were then present, but Lee was gone—when I tapped at Standen's window, I called out, "Jack." but I received no answer—I only called once, and knocked one single knock with the clothes'-prop against the sash—I thought it was no use taking more pains to wake him; I had knocked loud enough.





JOHN JENNINGS
. I live at 9, George-street, Hammersmith. I know the prisoners Standen and Cooke—about ten days before Christmas, or it might be a day or two before that, I went to the British Queen for my supper beer, between eight and nine o'clock, and saw Standen and Cooke outside the door, in the street, and heard Standen say to Cooke, "She takes the cash-box up-stairs every night."

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Did you not tell anybody about it? A. Not till after the robbery—I do not know Lee—I know Axtell—I have not had any talk with him about the robbery; no one has been to me about it—when I heard Mrs. Getliffe had been robbed I just mentioned what I had heard, and one of the police afterwards came to me—it was a darkish night that I heard this said.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADDISON. Q. When was it you first gave any evidence of this kind? A. Last Saturday evening—I am a shoemaker, and have lived twenty years in the same house—I swear I heard the word "cash-box;" it was not "box" simply—I did not know what it meant—I heard the house had been robbed on the day after, but I did not mention it till the Tuesday after—I went to the house on Christmas-day, about one o'clock, and saw the policeman there—I did not mention it then, but I did on the Thursday—when I said Tuesday I thought Christmasday was Sunday—I was subpoenaed to the police-court on Saturday.





JOHN AYRE
 (police-sergeant, T 2). On Christmas-day, about ten minutes past eight o'clock, I went to the British Queen, and received

information that there had been a robbery—I examined the premises—I found the front door had not been forced, but the bar doors had—one sash of the kitchen window was slided back, and an iron grating outside very slightly removed—the inside of it next the house was fixed between bricks, and remained in its former position—that might have been moved from the inside—it is a little window area—it had not been moved half far enough for a man to get in—there were some ashes and cinders, and a piece of wood projecting over the grating, and they must have been moved to admit any one—I apprehended Cooke in George-street, about a quarter-past nine, took him to his house, and searched it, but found nothing relating to the robbery—I searched it again on the 27th, and in the yard, under some ashes and rubbish, I found two silver table-spoons, four silver spirit-labels, two brooches, three shirt-studs, three rings, one shawl-pin, and five skeleton-keys (produced)—I apprehended Lee on Christmas-day, at his house, 2, Plantation-place, and in his room found this chisel (produced), which corresponds with marks I had found on the bar doors at Mrs. Getliffe's, and the chisel is bent—Mrs. Getliffe's house is in Hammersmith parish.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADDISON. Q. Did you go into Cooke's yard on Christmas-day? A. Yes, but I did not search it—the yard is directly at the back of the house, and there are many houses round about; it is in a row—there are no houses at the back—there are two females also live in the house—I should think it is 200 or 300 yards from the British Queen—I do not think I went to the house on the Thursday—there is a partition between the yards—you can get from one to the other by getting over the walls.

COURT. Q. How many houses are there? A. About twelve—the walls are four or five feet high—I have been upwards of seven years in the police, and two years a sergeant—I laid the chisel into the impression in the wood—that mark was in the door in front of the bar—it did not correspond with those in the bar-door—the first thing I did was to put it into the mark, and it exactly fitted—I laid it in; the mark was not very deep—I am quite sure I did not make it fit the mark; I mean the breadth fitted—I believe the only persons in Lee's house are his father, mother, and himself—none of the keys I found opened the bar-doors—there is no key to the front door.





MARIA GETLIFFE

re-examined. These articles produced are all mine—the spoons are marked "R G," which are the initials of my late husband—I had them before I went to the British Queen, and am certain they are mine—my father slept over the bar—there is a box in Standen's room, but it is not his own—I am in the habit of carrying my cash-box up-stairs.





EDWARD SCOTNEY
 (policeman, T 21). I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court, January 1848, David Cooke convicted of burglary, having been before convicted, confined one year)—I was present at his trial—the prisoner Cooke is the man.

STANDEN


LEE (See page 397)




NOT GUILTY
.

COOKE—



GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 34.—


Transported for Fifteen Years. (There was another indictment against Cooke and Lee.)
