




193. 




BARNEY YOUNG
 and 




JOHN WARD



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Stainforth, and stealing 3 coats, 6 spoons, value 5l. 11s., and 4s.; his property.






JOHN STAINFORTH
. I keep the Old Commodore, Montagu-street, Whitechapel—I have known the prisoner Young for some years by sight—I do not know anything of Ward—on Thursday, 16th Dec., I closed my house about 12 o'clock, or it might be a little after—the windows and doors were all safe—between 6 and 7 o'clock next morning, I was awoke by an unusual noise in the street, and heard my son calling, "Father, father!"—I looked out at my bedroom window, and saw some of my neighbours somewhat excited, looking down a passage which leads at the side of my house—I then went into the bedroom next mine, from the window of which there is a view of the passage—I looked out and saw the prisoners struggling with Browning, who lives next door to me, he had hold of both of them—I saw Ward, I believe, but I cannot say which, strike Browning at the back part of his neck—I saw Browning struggling with him, and he tore his coat and shirt—I then proceeded downstairs, and found the lock which fastens the bar-door had been taken off, which was perfectly safe before—I found the till in the bar had been broken open, and 2s. or 3s. taken out—I went into the parlour, and found the two coats I have on now had been removed from off the pegs where I usually hang them, and were lying on the sofa under where I had hung them—the parlour window which looks into the passage was open, and my son and Browning were struggling with the prisoners outside—I jumped out, and found Browning with Young; he had on what they call a wide awake, and I pulled it up and looked into his face. Browning kept possession of him till the policeman came, and he was given into custody—after the other prisoner's clothes were torn, he ran away down the passage leading into Whitechapel, and my son afterwards came back with him in the custody of an officer—I missed some rum, and some spoons had been removed from their usual place, and tied up in some paper—I cannot say I had seen them the night before, but my servant says she did—I found the piece of the parlour shutter which laps over had been broken off, and the shutters wrenched open with a jemmy—in running to the window I kicked against a hat which was in my way, it was given to the policeman—the rum tap was left running, but I cannot say whether any one had been to it; and

I had left a bottle of rum on the counter the night before, that was partly emptied, and when the prisoners were brought back they smelt of rum.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMPSON. Q. I suppose if the tap had been out of repair, it would leak?A. Yes; but I take care they are not—when I pull my coats off, I generally place them on the pegs; I did that night, and I have every reason to believe they were there, but the servant might have pulled them down—I will not swear the coats were on the pegs—the spoons are not silver—the second window I looked at was right over where the prisoners were, and in the struggle I had a full view of their faces for I should think half a minute—I can swear to Young being one of them, because I pulled his hat off, about the other there may be a doubt, but I have no doubt in the world.





JOHN BROWNING
. I live in King's Head-court, at the side of Mr. Stainforth's—on the morning of 17th Dec., about half-past 7 o'clock, I went outside my door, with only my trowsers and boots on, to see what time it was; I looked towards Mr. Stainforth's (because if his house had been open I should have known it was near 8 o'clock) and saw the parlour shutters fly open, and saw Ward jump out of the window—I opened my arms, saying, "Holloa. holloa!" and he ran into my arms; before he got up to me, Young jumped out at the same window—I am quite sure Ward is the man—I had him in my hands five minutes before I let him go—I struggled with them both, and was hit in the back of my neck, but I do not know who by—I thought I had better make sure of one than lose both, and Ward tore his coat and got away—I held the other one till the officer came, and I gave him to him—almost as soon as Young jumped out of the window, Mr. Stainforth's son jumped out also, and I told him to follow Ward up, and said he would be sure to know him, as his shirt and waistcoat were all torn—shortly after I had given Young in custody, Ward was brought back by the son and a policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see them both come out of the window? A. Yes; I stated that before the Magistrate; I said I saw Ward jump out, followed by Young—Mr. Stainforth has not rewarded me for this, I have had nothing but porter from there, and that I have paid for—the prisoners bad both been drinking, but were not drunk—Ward had no coat when I first saw him, and I or he tore his shirt right out of his trowsers—I did not notice Mr. Stainforth at the window, I could not look up—while we were struggling, a blacksmith who lives in the court came up, but he did not hold either of them—I do not know why he did not—it was twenty minutes before Ward was brought back—the prisoners smelt of liquor, I should say it was rum, it was not beer—it was not dark when I took the prisoners, it was half past seven, and there is a lamp just over where we were—I did not know the prisoners, but I knew they did not belong to the house.





EDMOND JOHN STAINFORTH
. I am the prosecutor's son, and live with him. On the morning of 17th Dec. I came downstairs about twenty minutes past 7 o'clock; as I was coming downstairs, I heard a scuffle; I ran into the parlour, and saw Young getting out at the window which goes into King's Arms-court, at the side of the house—I went out after him, and found Browning struggling with him—I did not see Ward, Browning told me where to go—I went after him, and saw him turn up Greenfield-street; I followed him, and told a constable, and he ran after him, and I with him—the prisoner was running—I saw the policeman catch him, and he was brought back to my father's—his shirt was all torn, and he had no waistcoat on.





BENJAMIN FELCHEDER
. I live in Buxton-street, Spitalfields. About half-past

5 o'clock on this morning I was passing the Old Commodore, and saw the prisoners about ten yards from the door, walking backwards and forwards—I am sure the prisoners are the same men—one of them, but I cannot say which, said, "it is most time now we should have open them b—shutters;" and that caused me to turn round and look—that was all I heard.

Cross-examined. Q. What were you doing? A. Going to work to Mr. Gurder's, close against Mr. Stainforth's, half a minute's walk off—it was about half past 5 or a quarter to 6 o'clock; I cannot say exactly—I generally get to work at half past 5 or a quarter to 6 o'clock—Ward had a hat on, but I did not notice whether he had a coat—I was examined before the Magistrate the next morning—I did not see anything of the struggle or the chase—I only come to speak to the conversation—I did not do anything; I thought they wanted to get somebody up; and when I saw Ward brought up the court, I told my master that was one of the men I had seen that morning, about ten yards from Mr. Stainforth's door—our shop lies facing Mr. Stainforth's—one part of the Old Commodore is close against our shop.





JOHN JACKSON
 (policeman, H 59). About half past 7 o'clock on this morning I was on duty in Whitechapel, and from information I received I went to King's Arms-court, and found Young in the hands of Browning—I took him into custody—as I was going down the court towards the station he said, "It is all right, old man, let me go"—I said I should not—I searched him, but found nothing on him; he was in liquor.





WILLIAM SAVAGE
 (policeman, H 212). Between 7 and 8 o'clock on this morning I saw Mr. Stainforth's son running, and also the prisoner Ward—I ran after Ward and caught him—he said he had been fighting with half a dozen men, and he had licked them; and I had better not put my hands on him or he would lick me—his shirt was torn—I searched him, and found nothing on him; his pockets were inside out.

YOUNG—


GUILTY
.† Aged 26.

WARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Years.

