






120. 




WILLIAM WEEKS,



 JOHN HUGHES
, 



MICHAEL HURLEY, and 



RICHARD GRADY



, breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Robert Burgh, and stealing 4 gallons of Port wine, and other goods, value 5l.; his property.


MESSRS. PULLEIN
and
METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT BURGH
. I am a fringe manufacturer, and live at Nos. 41 and 42, Bartholomew-close. I have a wine cellar there—on 17th Aug. I had a quantity of wine there—Port, Sherry, Bucellas, and Madeira—sixteen dozen, and also two gallons of brandy—some of the wine was East India Madeira, twenty years old—it was worth altogether about 60l.—on 17tb Aug. I had occasion to send my servant into the cellar—up to that time the cellar was safe—I am not aware that there was any hole in the cellar—I had not been in the cellar for a month before—on 21st Aug. I left London for the Isle of Wight—I returned on the 28th. and was informed of the robbery—I went into my cellar and saw a hole, and the whole of the wine was gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Do you live in the house? A. Yes—I have two servants, and my wife—I left my cook in the house. when I went into the country—I did not go in the cellar on the night of 17th Aug.—the last time I went in the cellar I went about some brandy—that was about a month before 17th Aug.

COURT. Q. Who kept the key of the cellar? A. It was kept on the sideboard in my dining room—I left it in my servant's care.





JENIFER THOMAS
. I have been in Mr. Burgh's service turned eight years—I remember going in the wine cellar on 17th Aug., to get some wine—the wine was perfectly safe then, and again in the evening I went for some brandy—my master left on 21st Aug. for the Isle of Wight—on 20th Aug. I saw two men on the roof of the Almshouses immediately adjoining our house—the roof comes close to the kitchen window—I asked them what they were doing there, and they went away.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Have you seen this hole? A. Yes—it is in the back part of the cellar—I went close to that place on 17th Aug. when I went to get the bottle of wine—the cellar was then quite safe.

COURT. Q. You have seen the hole since? A. Yes—it is impossible it could have been there on the 17th without my seeing it—during the time my master was in the country I did not go to the cellar, nor did any one—I had the key in my possession.






JOHN COCKERELL
. I am a bricklayer and builder—I was employed last Wednesday evening, and Thursday morning, to examine the passage from Mr. Burgh's cellar—I went right through the passage—it leads from Mr. Burgh's cellar to the cellar of the house, No. 2, Back-court—it is about eight feet six inches long—the hole is six feet, but there is a projection in the house in Back-court—at the commencement of the hole in the cellar in Back-court, I found an old Gothic arch—it had been partly filled with earth, but there was a fourteen inch wall on Mr. Burgh's side, which had been broken through—the rest was filled up with soil—six or eight barrowsfull of earth would fill up the hole again.

COURT. Q. On the side of No. 2, was there any excavation? A. The crown of the arch was a little above the ground; I had to descend to go to it.

MR. METCALFE. Q. Was there sufficient space for a fullgrown man to pass through the hole? A. Very nearly—some things had been thrown in.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you pass through the hole? A. I did—I went in at No. 2, Back-court, and came through to Mr. Burgh's cellar—there are persons living in No. 2, Back-court—I do not know whether the house communicates with any other house—I did not examine the house.





EDWIN WELLAN
. I come from the West London Union—I shall be sixteen years old in Feb.—my father works in the brewery of Mann and Co., at Mile End—I was in Field-lane Ragged-school last year—I went to live in the house, No. 2, Back-court, soon after Christmas—I was there eight months—it was a lodging house—I made the beds and took the money, 2d. a night—there were fifty or sixty persons there on an average—the prisoners Hurley, Hughes, and Weeks, were in the house towards the beginning of August—the father of the house is a man who lived in Holborn, I do not know his name; he used to come to take the money—about a week or ten days before the end of August, there was something occurred—I do not know the day, I should say it was the 16th or 17th—I do not think it was on a Sunday—there was a hole dug in the brick wall down in the coal cellar of No. 2, Back-court—I first observed it at 7 o'clock in the morning—the fire wanted some coke on, and I asked Hughes to let me down in the cellar for it—he said there was somebody down there tossing, and he would not let me down for a long time—I did go down afterwards, and saw Weeks and Hurley digging a hole in a part of the cellar, which was as if there had been a fire-place—an arch place—they were digging with a poker and a shovel, it looked as if it was, but I did not stop; I went to fetch some coke—I did not go down in the cellar again for two or three days afterwards—I did not look at it then—they were not digging then—no one was down there—I had seen them in the cellar two or three times before—they were down there; they were doing nothing then—after I saw them digging, I saw Hurley, Weeks, and Hughes, bring some wine up under their coats, from the cellar where the hole was dug—I do not know on what day it was—it was after I saw them digging—it was on the following night, about 10 o'clock—I saw Hurley, Weeks, and Hughes coming up the kitchen stairs; and there was another one, named Baker, who took up wine as well as they, but he is not here—he was over deputy—there was no wine kept by me, or anybody living in the house, in the cellar of No. 2—I do not remember any wine being kept there all the time I was there—there were two or three empty bottles in the house—I saw them lying in the cupboard—I do not remember any broken

bottles—I did not see any thrown out of the window—the rubbish that came out of the hole was chucked down in the cellar of the house, No. 1—you could get from one house to the other—I do not think there is any hole through the cellars from No. 1, to No. 2—the rubbish was rushes and mould.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Baker was the over deputy and you were the under deputy? A. Yes—I saw Weeks, Hurley, and Hughes in the cellar—I believe Weeks had the poker, and the other a shovel, or a spade—I believe what Weeks had was a poker, as far as I could see—I went down in the cellar myself, three or four days afterwards—I did not see a hole there then—the dirt was chucked over it—I saw the remains of a hole—I knew there was a hole, I saw them digging it—I only remained there while I got the coke, which was about five minutes—that was all I saw till I went again, and saw it covered over—I saw the hole there still—I only went in twice, from the time I saw the man with the poker digging, till I left—there were a great many persons in No. 1 and No. 2—I had been acting deputy three weeks or a month before I left—a man named Boss appointed me to the office—my lather lives in Mile End-road—I left him because my mother-in-law was unkind—I left eighteen months ago—since then I have been bone picking and begging, to get my living—I was lodging in Field-lane—I was sleeping in the school—the rest of my time I was in Back-court—I lodged there about nine months, and for my living I went hone picking—I was in the kitchen when I saw the wine brought from the cellar, downstairs—it was taken through the kitchen—I first heard of the robbery of the wine, when I heard Boss talking about it—that was a little before the house shut up, whieh was on 30th Aug.—the deputy left, and I went to lodge at another lodging house in Fulwood's-rents, which father keeps—I was not acting as deputy there—I first saw the police about this matter, about a month ago, in West-street—two policemen came up to me—they spoke to me first—they did not take me into custody—I did not drink any of the wine.

MR. PULLEIN. Q. Were you allowed to go up and down in the cellar, when you thought proper? A. Yes; when coke was wanted.

Weeks. He accuses me of being in the cellar with Hurley—at Guildhall he stated it was about half past 11 o'clock, and here he says 7 o'clock in the morning. Witness. No; I said 7 o'clock—I did not say I saw you, and Hurley come up without wine—I said I saw four; Baker was one—I did not give any information; some of them would nearly have killed me, if I had.

MR. PULLEIN. Q. How late did you sit up on the night you saw the wine brought up? A. I was up almost all nights, and went to bed in the day—I remember Sailor Jem, that is Hughes, being shut up in the cellar for half or three quarters of an hour, and they all said if he did not come up they would crab it—I mean by all these prisoners, and some more men, Baker as well.

COURT. Q. How long was Hughes' stay in the cellar? A. Half an hour, and Weeks and Hurley said if he did not come up they would crab it—it was for fear they should not get any more wine—I suppose they meant spoil it, by telling somebody that they should not get away any more wine—it means to spoil it by telling somebody.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Where were they when that was said? A. In the kitchen—the kitchen was full of lodgers—there were twenty or thirty there—deputy Baker was there—the father was not there—he used so come for the money—Boss was there—I should know a great many that

were there if I were to see them—I know some of their nicknames—the meaning of crab is that they would tell somebody—Baker, Weeks, and Hurley spoke—they all cried out together—I did not know what they meant—I did not know what Hughes was down in the cellar for, at that time—I thought he was down about the wine—I did not know it was from Mr. Burgh's cellar at that time—Hughes did not bring up any wine at that time—he came up about half an hour after he went down—there was no wine drank in the kitchen—what they drank they drank up stairs—Hurley went by the name of Rough.


COURT. Q. How long were you in Field-lane-school? A. About eigju months—I slept there—there is a place made for sleeping, and one for school—they teach you to read and write, and tailoring and shoemaking—t hey teach you to say your prayers—there is a Sunday-school there three times a day—I have been in the Union about three weeks—before that I slept in Field-lane school—I went there after I left father's, in Fulwoodrents—before I went to Back-court I lived in Field-lane school.





LYDIA HOWLETT
. I live at an almshouse, No. 3, Back-court—I have-lived there more than six years—I am 73 years old—I recollect some repairs being made at Nos. 1 and 2 Back-court, in 1861—there was an opening made between No. 1 and No. 2; they were separate houses before that; and after Mr. Smith purchased the other house, they knocked a thoroughfare through those two houses—I have not been in to see that they could be occupied together—I have seen through the window—I have never been in the house—in August last I heard a noise that attracted my attention—it was more than the middle of August—I could not say what noise it was—I thought it was pulling down the house—it seemed that they were disturbing something—there is only a wall between me and them—I thought they were breaking into my place.

COURT. Q. Where did the noise come from? A. From next door to me—it appeared to be down below me—I heard it repeatedly—I left my house for ten days—I heard it three or four times—I saw something like mould drawn out of the cellar of No. 2 on more than one occasion.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Have you been in the house No. 1. or No. 2 since 1851? A. Yes; since it was all over I have—the mould came Out of the cellar; where should it come from else?





MARIA DAVIES
. I was in the almshouse, No. 4, Back-court—I had been sleeping there at my neighbour's house for five weeks, all the month of August—I remember the houses Nos. 1 and 2; they were used for a two penny lodging to a great many persons, men and women, and boys—they left on 30th Aug.—On Sunday evening, 22nd Aug., I was by myself, and they all appeared to be very drunk when I went in the court—there were a great many men out in the court making a great noise—one man was on the step all night; a man they called "Tom," with a wooden-leg—the policeman was desiring the people in the lodging-house to take him in—I was sitting there the last week in August, and I saw bottles thrown out of the window—a man said, "What are you doing, smashing the window;" and a man in the house said, "No, it is only bottles"—it was in the afternoon—the bottles were smashed in a great many pieces, but they looked greenish—I remember mould and brick rubbish being thrown in the court at the latter end of August—I took one brick up and put it in my fireplace—this is it (produced)—I heard a continual knocking in Nos. 1 and 2, and I told my friend they were taking down bedsteads.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. On the Sunday when they were

drunk, how many were there? A. A great many—I dare say more than twenty—that was on Sunday, 22nd August.





WILLIAM BUCKETT
. I am a butcher, and life at No. 22, Bartholomewclose, at the corner of Back-court—my house joins to No. I, Back-court—I have a pretty good view of the court—I have seen people go in and out of No. 1 and No. 2—I have seen the prisoners Welch, Hughes, and Hurley—I believe they used to lodge there—I cannot say that I have seen Grady—I have seen rubbish going away at different times in the former part of the year, about a month or five weeks before the house was shut up.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You live near this No. 1 and No. 2? A. Yes; I do not know all the lodgers there—I am very short-sighted—I do not know that I should know you again if I were to see you—I think I know three of the prisoners—I cannot say how often I have seen Hurley.





GEORGE MOLLYNEUX
 (City-policeman, 293). On 24th August, I heard that there had been an entrance in the prosecutor's cellar—I went to his house, and asked if he had got a wine cellar—I went into the cellar, and found a large hole, big enough for me to go through—I was on the premises several nights—I called on Grady on 30th August, at his own house in John-street—I do not know that he is anything; I only know him hanging about public houses—Moss and inspector Cole were with me—I saw Mrs. Grady first, and had some conversation with her—I saw a bottle on the mantelshelf—Grady came in in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I asked him whether he had bought any wine of any one lately—he said, "Yes, I bought two bottles of Billy Weeks, and this is one of the bottles"—he said he gave 1s. 6d. for the two bottles—on 20th Nov., I and Gisby took Weeks into custody, at No. 3, Holborn-buildings—I told him I was a police-constable, and I took him on suspicion of being concerned with others in breaking into Mr. Burgh's premises in Bartholomew-close, and if he had anything to say to be careful, as it might be used in evidence against him—he said he knew nothing about it—I walked behind Gisby part of the way to the station, and then I sent Gisby to apprehend Grady, and I took Weeks to the station—I know the premises No. 1 and No. 2, Back-court—I hate seen Hurley there, and to the best of my recollection I have seen Weeks and Hughes there—I have not seen Grady there—I was the constable who first went to the cellar—I noticed the hole and went through it—I noticed an old shoe and a bit of sacking there—they generally put a shoe or something, that if any one goes through it moves—we generally find it—it is called a mark—on 39th August, when I saw Grady, I asked him if he had bought any wine—he said, yes, he had bought two bottles of Billy Weeks, and given him 1s. 6d. for them—he said Weeks had more of it, and then he said he would not say any more to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. You say you know nothing about Grady, have you not made some inquiry about him? A. No; I did not inquire about his living at his house before I went there—I have known him ever since I have been in the force—I never knew that he was a manufacturer of strings for musical instruments—I found a bottle on the mantelshelf—when I directed his attention to it, he immediately said, "That is one of the bottles"—from 30th August till 20th Nov. I made no efforts to take him—I do not know that he had been at his house day after day.

Hughes. I was intoxicated when he took me; he took me to the station; he asked me if I knew anything about the wine. Witness. I did not take him into custody at all—I saw him afterwards, at the station—he gave some information to the other officer.


COURT. Q. Did you ask him any questions about wine? A. No; I went to see him at the station—he had a pair of handcuffs on—he tried to strangle himself—he said, "If you will take these handcuffs off, I will tell you where to find Billy Weeks, and I will turn round on all the b—y thieves."

Hughes. He said if I would turn round, he would put money in my way. Witness. No I did not.

MR. PULLEIN. Q. Do you know the Coopers' Arms? A. Yes, it is a public-house visited by thieves—I know that in my professional capacity—I have seen Grady there—his wife keeps a shop, and sells greens and potatoes.

Q. The Cooper's Arms is near Grady's residence? A. Yes; I have known it to be resorted to by thieves nearly five years.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. Have you ever reported that house? A. No; it has been reported.

COURT. Q. The prisoner Hughes asked you whether you did not say if he would turn round, you would put money in his way? A. No; when I opened the door, he had a pair of handcuffs on, and he said, "If you will take these handcuffs off my hands, I will tell you where you can go and find Billy Weeks, and I will split all about the wine job in Bartholomew-close"—I had never seen Hughes up to 20th Nov.—from 24th Aug. till 20th Nov. I never saw any of them; they all kept out of the way but Grady.





THOMAS GEORGE GRISBY
 (City policeman, 245). On 20th Nov. I took Hughes on another charge—he was drunk—while I had him in custody, he said, "You want Weeks, don't you, about that wine job?"—I had not said anything to him about this case then—he said he was the first man that dug the hole, and got into it, and brought the first wine out—he said he was present, and saw him—he said the hole was dug in Back-court, Cloth-fair—he did not say anything else then—I took him to the station; he there repeated what he had said, and he said that Weeks took nine bottles to Grady's house, and sold them to Grady—he said Weeks could be found at Holhorn-buildings, Holborn-hill; I went there, and found Weeks in bed—I told him what he was charged with—he said he knew nothing about it—in coming down Holborn-buildings he made a stop, and said he had two bottles; and then he said that I should not suck him—Molyneux was behind us—I then went to the Cooper's Arms, and took Grady—I told him he was charged with receiving two bottles of wine, knowing them to be stolen—he said he knew nothing about it—at the station he said he bought two bottles of a boy—he did not say what boy it was—he afterwards said that the two bottles were given him by the waiter at the Coopers' Arms, when he was ill—I know all the prisoners; I have seen Hughes and Weeks together in West-street and King-street, and have seen Hurley with Weeks some time back.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. When you took Grady, he said he knew nothing about it? A. Yes; I took him out immediately, and this took place in the street—there was a lot there, and I called him out—I had been to his house—when I took him in the street, Mollyneux was not with me; I had left him going to the station with Weeks—there was no person with me at the time—at the station Mollyneux charged him—he said after that that he did not buy any, but had them given him; that might have been four or five minutes afterwards—Mollyneux was present then; Grady said he had been ill—he stated afterwards that Mrs. Baldwin, the landlady, gave them to him—I believe I have stated that before—I will not swear to that.






JOHN MOSS
 (City policeman, 225). I accompanied Mollyneux to Grady's house on 30th Aug. with inspector Cale—when I first went, Grady was not there—we went out, and when we returned Grady was there—inspector Cale said, "Of course, you know our object in coming here?" and Grady said, "Yes"—he said, "We came about the wine"—Grady said, "I had two bottles, and gave 1s. 6d., for them—I bought them of Billy Weeks"—he said the bottle that Mollyneuz had was one of the bottles.





JOHN CALE
 (City police-inspector). I was at Grady's on 30th Aug.—when be came in I spoke to him on the subject of the wine—I said, "Grady you know the object of our visiting you?"—he said he did—I said, "Can you furnish us with any information respecting the wine stolen from Mr. Burgh's?"—he said, "I bought two bottles of Weeks, and gave him 1s. 6d. for them"—I do not remember that he said anything else—a bottle was taken from the mantelpiece by Mollyneux—it was not pointed out to Grady, but he admitted that it contained the wine that he bought of Weeks—Mollyneux made some remark as he took the bottle down, which called his attention to it.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Was it you or Mollyneux first spoke to him? A. Mollyneux was present when I and Moss went in—I will not undertake to swear which was the first that spoke to him; I believe I did—Mollyneux put some questions to him—I put the important question—I said, "Of course, you know the business we come about?" and Molyneux was present, and must have heard it—I suppose there had been a hubbub about this wine, but none that reached me—the robbery took place on the 23rd, and we went to Grady's on the 30th—there had been a course instituted; but we bad not instituted inquiries near Mr. Burgh's house from the 24th to the 30th.

COURT. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. No; the two bottles found at Grady's are those produced by Mollyneux.

COURT
to
WILLIAM BUCKETT. Q. You used to see these three men going in and out? A. Yes; they were there about twelve months altogether—I can undertake to say I saw them till near the time that the house was closed. (Dennis M'Nally, a bricklayer's labourer; Charles M'Gee, father-in-law of Weeks; Charles Campbell, bookbinder; and William Mash, a boot and shoemaker, gave Weeks a good character, Grady also received a good character.)

WEEKS—


GUILTY
.†*Aged 21.

HUGHES—


GUILTY
.†*Aged 19.

HURLEY—


GUILTY
.†*Aged 18.






Transported for Seven Years.


GRADY—


NOT GUILTY
.
