




124. 



JOHN WRIGHT
 and 




WILLIAM DAVENPORT



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Charles Henman, and stealing I hat and 1 coat, value 35s.; his property; and 5l. 8s. 6d. in money, I ahawl pin and other articles, value 3l. 6s., 2d.; of 



Ephiflner Bucklow,—2nd COUNT, against WRIGHT for receiving.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES HENMAN
. I live at No. 7, Milman-street, and am an architect—on the night of 14th Oct. I went to bed about 12 o'clock; the premises were then fast—I was aroused about twenty minutes past 7 o'clock in the morning by my servant, went down stairs, found the parlour door open, which had been locked and the key hung up in the passage the night before—the yard door was open, and I saw my theodob'te in the yard—the scullery window was broken; part of the putty had been cut away, and half the glass broken out—a person could then put their hand in, lift up the catch, and get in—the scullery was strewed about with a variety of articles—the scullery door leading from the scullery to the house, which had been bolted, had been taken off its binges—I missed some cheese and other eatables—I went into the parlour and missed my coat and hat, which were there the day before—this is the coat (produced)—when the prisoners were before the Magistrate, they both had similar buttons on their waistcoats to what my servant had lost—my house is in the parish of St. Andrew's, Holborn.





EPHIFLNER BUCKLOW
. I am Mr. Henman's servant. I came down on this morning at twenty minutes past 7 o'clock—I merely got to the bottom of the stairs, saw the door open, and my master's theodolite in the yard, and went up to him immediately—I had got up about 7 o'clock; I had not heard any noise from that time—I had two clothes boxes in the kitchen, with this little box (produced), which contained my chains and things in one of them, and also a money box—I found them all in the back scullery, all taken to pieces—I had not a sound box left—I missed the greater part of my linen, a gold chain, a silver locket, a gold pencil case, attached to a silver guard, a small gold brooch, 6l. 8s. 6d. in silver and gold, and the money box, and a great many farthings and halfpence; I should think 14l. or 15l. would not replace what I have lost—I had a jacket with glass buttons on it—I saw it safe at night—I found it in the scullery in the morning, but the buttons were gone—this is it (produced)—I went with the policeman to Davenport's, and there saw the buttons—these are them (produced)—I knew one of them particularly; it has a piece of my jacket and red cotton silk attached to it—I lost a shawl pin—this (produced) is it—I know it by two little frays in the elastic of it—the policeman brought it to me; I did not see it found—I saw two pieces of linen at Davenport's, which I swear are mine—I had it safe the

day before—there were also a quantity of provisions gone, and what things they did not take away they destroyed.

Davenport. The buttons were on the waistcoat when I bought it.





JAMBS COFFEE
 (policeman, E 31). I took Davenport into custody on 22nd Nov., at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, at his house, No. 20, Lincoln-court—he was in bed with a female, in the back room, on the first floor—I took him in consequence of information and a description I received—I told him I wanted him for a burglary in Milman-street; he made no reply—I told him to dress himself—I searched the room with sergeant Smith, and found the shawl pin on the mantelpiece—I asked him if it was his—he said, "No; it belongs to her;" alluding to the woman in the bed, and he said she bad had it some months—I found three pairs of gloves, tome skeleton keys, a screwdriver and a chisel—I went again in the evening with Bucklow, and found four glass buttons in a small bag hanging up by the mantelpiece—Bucklow said they were hers—when the prisoners were at the police office, each of them was wearing four or five glass buttons on their waistcoats similar to those I found at Davenport's lodging—these are them (produced)—I took four off Davenport, and another constable took some off Wright.





HENRY MANNING
. I am assistant to Mr. Clark, pawnbroker, of Long-acre. I produce the coat Mr. Henman has identified; it was pawned with me, to the best of my belief, by Wright, but I cannot undertake to swear it was him—I gave a duplicate for it—this one (produced by Smith) is it.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman, E 16). I accompanied Coffee to Davenport's house, and found ten duplicates—this is one of them.





WILLIAM SMEE
 (policeman, E 110). I was present at the police office when the prisoners were examined—I took these five buttons (produced) off Wright's waistcoat.

Wright. He only took four; the waistcoat is only made for five, and then is one on it now. Witness. I took five.





JAMES COFFEE

re-examined. I saw Some take the buttons off Wright, but I did not see how many he took—I took four off Davenport's waistcoat, leaving one on—I do not know whether the waistcoats they have on now are the same—they may be or may not be the same for all I know.





EPHIFLUER BUCKLOW

re-examined. I believe these buttons are mine—I saw them on the prisoners at the police court.

DAVENPORT—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


WRIGHT—


NOT GUILTY
.
