



545. 




GEORGE TRACEY



, robbery on 



Jasper William Swile, and stealing from his person 3 shillings: having been before convicted.






JASPER WILLIAM SWILE
. I live in Edmund-street, Battle-bridge, and am a labourer. On Monday morning, 13th Jan., at half-past one o'clock, I was in Edmund-street, going home—I had been at one of my daughters',

at Bethnal-green—I met the prisoner and another man—the prisoner struck with his right hand at my head—I put my head on one side—he struck me on the side of the head—the other man said, "Throttle him"—the prisoner thrust his hand into my right-hand pocket, and dragged part of the pocket away, with three shillings, which I had there—I had 2d. in my left-hand pocket, which was all the money I had—I called out, "Police!"and the policeman came, and the prisoner and the other man ran across the road, behind the houses in Edmund-street, where there is a kind of court, it is a thoroughfare—they ran towards the hospital boarding, near the railway-station—I am positive the prisoner is the man—there was a lamp there then, which has since been removed—I was standing I dare say half a minute looking the prisoner full in the face—I saw him again on Wednesday morning, the 15th—the policeman brought him—they asked if he was one of the men—I said, "Yes"—I have not the least doubt about it.

Prisoner. He said it was on Sunday night; he said he had been to see his brother; the policeman knows he was intoxicated; there was no lamp there; all he swears to me by is my flannel jacket. Witness. No; I swear to him, not to his jacket—there was a lamp there, but the houses were pulled down this day week—I was quite sober.





WILLIAM EDGILL
 (policeman S 130). On Monday morning, 13th Jan., I was on duty in Edmund-street, about half-past one o'clock—I heard a cry of "Police!"—I came up, and found Swile—he made a complaint to me, and described a person—one or two minutes previous to the call of "Police!"the prisoner and another man had passed by me, about thirty or forty yards from where Swile was, going towards him—I had known the prisoner for four years—I am positive it was him—I generally saw him about that quarter, but did not know where he lived—I was with another officer on Wednesday morning, the 15th, and found him in Haddon-place, which goes down from Edmund-street—he was taken into custody—Swile had the smell of beer about him, but he seemed to know what he was about; he was quite rational.





WILLIAM LUCKING
 (policeman S 127). I took the prisoner in Haddon-place, about one o'clock, on the Wednesday morning—I told him what he was charged with—he went with me to Swile's house—I showed him to Swile.





FREDERICK HACKNEY
 (policeman, N 312). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted Jan., 1850, and confined four months)—he is the man—he is a notorious thief.




GUILTY
.** Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

