




504. 




HARRIET BROWN
 and 




SARAH WELLFARE
, were indicted for

feloniously uttering a forged 10l. Bank of England note, with intent to defraud; in other COUNTS, Brown was charged as an accessory after the fact.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM LAURIE
. I am an assistant to Messrs. Sewell and. Cross, drapers in Old Compton-street, Soho. On 12th Feb., the prisoner Wellfare came into our shop about a quarter or half past 3 o'clock in the afternoon—she purchased a few articles, amounting to 1l. 10s. 7 1/2 d.—I made out a bill of parcels, and a duplicate of it—this is the duplicate which I made out (looking at it)—I retained it, she gave me a 10l. Bank of England note in payment—I gave it to the cashier Clewet, and he gave me a check for 5l., and gold and silver in exchange—this check (produced), I believe to be the one he gave me—I gave the same check that I received from Clewet to Wellfare—another of the assistants named Stocks was near me when the purchase was made—I heard him offer to send the parcel, and I heard her say, "No thank you, I'll take it myself," and I think she said that she lived close at hand in King-street—something was said in reference to living in King-street—I heard the words "King-street"—she then went away, and took the parcel with her.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Then this remark about King-street was not addressed to you, was it? A. It was to Mr. Stocks; there is a King-street I believe somewhere in the neighbourhood of Old Compton-street—I think the woman was in the shop about half an hour, I cannot say exactly—I did not have a good deal of conversation with her—we did not converse upon other topics besides business, I am quite sure of that—among the articles she purchased was a black cloth mantle, some stockings, and some corded skirts—I believe the mantle was for herself—she did not look at a great many things before she bought—I will not state any particular time that she was in the shop—our customers are principally ladies—I cannot recollect whether I showed her gowns and other things—I think I showed her nothing else except what she wanted.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Should you know the mantle again if you were to see it? A. Yes; I think I should—(a mantle was here produced) this is it.





ALFRED SMITH
. I am an assistant to Messrs. Sewell and Cross. I know a lady named Lowe, by serving her—I received a check from her, and

I have no doubt that this is it—the date corresponds—it was on 12th Feb. that I received it, and about 1 o'clock in the day—it is drawn on Cox and Biddulph for 5l.—after receiving it from Mrs. Lowe, I took it to the cashier Clewet, to get it changed—at the time I received it from Mrs. Lowe, this endorsement of the name of Proctor was not upon it—Mrs. Lowe wrote the check in my presence—there was no writing on the back of it then.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Are you quite positive that that is the same check? A. I would not swear to the paper; but from the circumstance of its bearing the same date, and knowing that Mrs. Lowe was only there once that day, and also knowing that she had an account there, and that she never pays checks except she buys goods for a friend, I have every reason to believe it is the same.





CHARLES CLEWET
. I am cashier, at the house of Sewell and Cross. On 12th Feb., I remember receiving a check for 5l. from Mr. Smith—I did not notice the name of the drawer—I put it in the till—in the course of the same day I received from Laurie a 10l. Bank note—I gave him for it this check for 5l., and the rest in gold and silver—I put the note in the till—that was between 3 and 4 o'clock—it is the practice of our house that I should account to one of the partners for the cash I receive during the day, after 5 o'clock—I accounted to Mr. Bacon, one of the firm, for the cash I received that day—I gave to him the same 10l. note that Laurie had given to me.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you the principal cashier in this establishment? A. I am the only cashier; I am quite unable to swear to this note—I am sure that the note I received I handed to Mr. Bacon.

COURT. Q. Had you more than one 10l. Bank of England note to give to Mr. Bacon that day? A. No.





WILLIAM BACON
. I am a partner, in the house of Sewell and Cross. I remember Clewet the cashier accounting to me on 12th Feb., somewhere about 5 o'clock in the afternoon—among other moneys, he handed me a 10l. note—this is it—I recognise it by the endorsement that is upon it—it is dated 12th April, 1852, and is numbered 65059.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Do you positively swear to that note? A. I do, by the endorsement—I recollect it, and it is the only note I had at that time—I sent it to our bankers.





WILLIAM STOCKS
. I am an assistant to Sewell and Cross. I recollect the prisoner Wellfare coming to our shop on 12th Feb. last, between 3 and half past 3 o'clock in the afternoon—she purchased some goods—I saw her give Laurie a 10l. note, and saw him go to the cashier, and return—he gave the prisoner the check and some gold—I did not notice the check further than seeing him give it her—I cannot say that this is the check, I did not notice it—I asked Wellfare if we should send the parcel home for her—she said, "No, thank you; I only live in King-street"—on 3rd March I went in company with a policeman in search of Wellfare—we went to Porter-street, Coventry-street, or Cranbourne street—it was about 7 o'clock or half past in the evening when I went there—I waited for about two hours—I then saw Wellfare coming down the opposite side of the street where I was standing—I was at the corner of Porter-street—she was in company with a young man—I walked past her to see if I could recognize her as the same person that I had seen—I saw that it was, and told the policeman—he and I then walked up to her—before we went up to her she turned back as soon as she saw me—she saw me watching her, and threw her veil over her face—we told her that we wanted her to go with us, and we took her to Bow-street—I did

not hear the constable say anything to her—she wanted to know what we wanted her for—I did not hear her say anything till we got to Bow-street—she was there charged with passing a 10l. note—she said, "Not to my knowledge, I did not"—she afterwards said she recollected passing a 10l. note, but she was not aware it was bad—she said that a friend of hers gave it to her of the name of Johnson, whom she had been in the habit of meeting at a night house—the inspector asked her what she did with the check that was given her, and she said, "Was it the piece of paper with a picture on it?"—the inspector said that it was—she said that she gave it to this Mr. Johnson one morning when he came up to her, she was in bed at the time—she did not say what morning—I was at the police office when she was remanded—I do not recollect the date—I saw her look at the other prisoner, and say, "I never saw that woman before. "

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Were you by all the time that she was in the shop? A. No, not quite all the time—she was not there so long as an hour—I should think it was about half an hour—I did not show her anything—I did not see any one do so besides Laurie.





BARNABAS ALDERMAN
 (policeman, F 123). On Thursday evening, 3rd March, I was in company with Stocks, in Porter-street, Leicester-square—a little before 9 o'clock I saw the prisoner Wellfare and a young man of the name of Garcia—we followed them into Rider's-court, Leicester-square, to the bottom of the court—they there stood and looked into a bonnet shop in Cranbourne-street, at the corner of Rider's-court—Mr. Stocks went out of the court into Cranbourne-street to the window where they were standing, and went by the side of Garcia—I saw Wellfare look under the man Garcia and she said something to him, and she then turned up the court and pulled her veil down—they passed roe, and I stopped them—I said to Wellfare, "I want you"—she said, "What for?"—I said, "For uttering a forged 10l. Bank of England note at Messrs. Sewell and Co.'s, 44, Compton-street, Soho" the said, "Me?"—I said, "Yes, you"—she said "Me?" again—I said, "Yes"—she said, "Not to my knowledge"—I said, "You must go with me to the station house"—we went down the street—she said, "Do you think it is a bad one?"—I said, "Yes, I think it is a very bad one by the look of it"—she said, "I know I passed one, but I was not aware it was a had one"—on the road to the station she asked me several times if I thought it was a bad one, and I repeated to the same effect, that I believed it was a very bad one—she was searched at the station, and 8s. 4d. was found upon her—she was asked where she got the note from—she said a friend of hers at Birmingham had sent it to her—she said she had known him for the last two years, and she saw him the night that she received the 10l. note—she said that she had slept with him two or three nights—she gave her name Sarah Wellfare, and her address No. 20, Porter-street, Leicester-square—I handed her over to Mackenzie, the inspector—[MR. CLARKSON
proposed to ask the witness what he knew of the person in whose company she was, with a new to show his connection with certain matters at Birmingham, but
MR. JUSTICE ERLE
was of opinion that unless it could be proved that the prisoner knew of that connection, the evidence was not admissable; it was not pursued]—I afterwards went that same evening to search her lodgings—among other things which I found were these two letters in these envelopes (producing them)—I found them in a chest of drawers in the front room, first floor, at No. 20, Porter-street—the house belongs to a lady in Frith street—Miss Catherine Chance is a lodger on the ground floor—I also found in the same drawer this bill of parcels and twenty-eight duplicates, one in the name of

Harding—I was at the police court after the apprehension of Wellfare when the two women were placed together—I heard Wellfare say that she did not know Brown, that she had never seen her before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Was Stocks with you whilst all this conversation was going on? A. Yes; I cannot say whether he heard all that took place at the station house—I was obliged to be out in the yard, and I left him in the station—I did not hear her say that a friend of hers named Johnson gave her the note, whom she was in the habit of meeting at a night house—very little was said before we got to the station—I dare say Mr. Stocks might have heard her say that she got it from Johnson, and the greater part of the conversation; in fact, more than I did—I believe the house where she was lodging is not principally occupied by young women—I found a letter there beginning, "Dear Sarah"—at the time I said the note was a very bad one, it was stamped "Forged," as it is now, but I should have known it had been a bad one if it had not been stamped—I should have known it directly.





EDWARD CROCKER
. I am cashier to Messrs. Johnson and Matthie, of Hatton-garden gold and silver refiners. On 14th Feb. the prisoner Brown came to my shop—it was about the middle of the day; I do not recollect precisely—she asked for one ounce and a half of gold—it was served her—she paid for it—she gave me a 5l. check and two sovereigns—I believe this check produced to be the same—I asked her what name—she said, "Proctor, the name and address written at the back of the check"—I believe she said the address, but that I will not be positive of—she said "Proctor," and I believe, also, stated the address; but J am positive she said "Proctor, the name and address at the back of the check"—I believe, when she said "Proctor," she also said, "6, Charles-street, City-road"—I referred to the back of the check, and saw "P. Proctor" written, "6, Charles-street, City-road"—I paid her the difference, and she went away—the check was afterwards paid into our bankers', Messrs. Williams', and was duly honoured—I believe she had on a black bonnet and a mantle—it was a dark mantle; I could not tell the material—I do not think I should know it again.

Cross-examined by
MR. BIRNIE. Q. You asked her no further questions? A. No; I did not ask how she came by the check—she gave the name "Proctor" quite readily, as any other customer would.





PETER PROCTOR
. I live at No. 6, Charles-street, City-road, and am a goldbeater—the endorsement on this check, "Proctor, 6, Charles-street, City-road," is not my writing; it was not written by my authority—I know nothing whatever of it—I know nothing whatever of either of the two prisoners; they are perfect strangers to me.

MR. PARRY
to
WILLIAM STOCKS. Q. Something was mentioned about Mr. Johnson; do you remember whether the girl told you that the man went by the name of Harry Johnson, at Jessop's wine-rooms; that it was a nickname he went by? A. I do not recollect that: she said that a Mr. Johnson gave it to her, a friend of hers, whom she met at a night house—I do not recollect anything further than that—I heard her say that Johnson sent it to her from Birmingham—I cannot say that I heard all that the policeman did; I heard part of what she said—I have heard him give his evidence to-day—I did not hear anything that she said to him in going to the station—what I heard was at the station—I heard Jessop's wine-rooms mentioned—I do not recollect who mentioned them—I did not hear anything about the nickname of Harry Johnson.

JURY. Q. Was it the check or the note that she said she received from

Johnson? A. The note she received from Johnson, and the check she afterwards gave to him.





CATHERINE CHANCE
. I live on the ground-floor, at No. 20, Porter-street, Leicester-square, and have done so for ten years. In the month of Oct. last the prisoner Wellfare came to reside in the front room on the first floor—she lived there until she was taken into custody—I know Brown by sight, she came to live there about six weeks before her apprehension—she occupied the same room with Well fare.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. No; I am still living at the house—I have no doubt about this matter.





DANIEL KIRTON
. I have seen the two prisoners together at No. 20, Porter-street.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am a tailor, living at No. 11A. Berners-street, Oxford-street. I know the prisoner Sarah Well fare—I had a relative of the name of Tapley—I knew Wellfare living with Tapley—Tapley had an uncle named Harding—I remember, after Tapley left her, her going to live in Porter-street—on Wednesday, 23rd Feb., this letter (produced) was brought to my house by the postman—the postage was not paid, and 1 refused to take it in—it is addressed to "Miss Harding, at Mr. Smith's, tailor, 11, Berners-street"—it was brought again the next day, the 24th—I then took it in—on the following night, the 25th, Wellfare came to my house—she asked if I had received a letter from Harriet Brown—I said I did not know who the woman was that it was sent from, but there was a letter for her, and I produced the letter, and put it down on the counter—she took it up, opened it in my pre-sence, and I suppose read it—she looked at it and put it down, and made some observation—the policeman, John Baker, had been to my house that night to make some inquiry about a letter—I told Wellfare of that—I after-wards gave the letter to the policeman Baker—(Baker here produced the letter)—I gave it to him directly he asked for it—(MR. CLARKSON
proposing to read this letter, MR. BIRNIE
objected, there being no proof that it was written by Brown, MR. JUSTICE ERLE
would not receive it as evidence against Brown; but in the nature of a conversation addressed to Wellfare, MR. PARRY
submitted that it could not be receivable on that ground; but upon looking at the letter did not press the objection; and
MR. CLARKSON
withdrew the evidence.)

The following documents were here read:—The endorsement on the note, "J. M, Glover, 16, New-street, Walter's Hotel;" the bill of parcels, dated 12th Feb., containing several articles, arhong others a mantle, and amounting in the whole to 1l., 10s. 7 1/2 d.; the duplicate of the bill of parcels; the 5l. check, dated 12th Feb., 1853, drawn by Georgiana Lowe, and endorsed "P. Proctor, 6, Charles-street, City-road," and the two following letters found in Wellfare's room; the envelope was addressed to Mrs. Wellfare, 20, Porter-street, Leicester-square, London, and bore the Birmingham postmark of 9th Feb., and the London postmark of 10th Feb,—"Birmingham, Wednesday. My dear, dear Sally,—I beg you ten thousand pardons for the shabby way I left you; but the fact is, my love, I lost all my money at play the last night you saw me, and was obliged to borrow 1l. to take me home. I felt ashamed to come and tell you, particularly as I knew you were a little distressed for money; but however, my darling, I have made amends, I hope, by sending you the half of a 10l. note. Let me know by return that you have received it, and I will send the other. Mind and pay your rent, and get your things out with it, and be a good girl till the 27th, when you will be again troubled

with your sincere and affectionate friend, J. M. GLOVER."—the other letter was addressed in the same way, bearing the postmark of 11th Feb.—11th Feb., 1853. "Walter's Hotel, New-street. My dear, clear Sally,—I have just returned from Rugby, and am very angry at your not sending me a letter, How am I to know whether you have received the first half? Even if you could not write, some friend would have done it for you; but I cannot be angry with my pet, so I have sent you the other half. I have written my address upon it. If it should be lost, the fault is not mine; and, on my word, I will not send you any more for two months. Be sure and pay your rent, and get your things out of pledge with it; and be sure to keep a good girl until I come up, at the end of the month. I must now conclude, to save the post, and with kind love, my dear Sally, remain your affectionate friend, J. M. GLOVER. P. S. I will send you a Valentine next week."—(One of the duplicates produced was also read; it was for a shirt pledged on 30th July, 1852, at Mr. Walters's, Mount-street, Lambeth, in the name of Ann Harding Allen.)





BARNABAS ALDERMAN

re-examined. Among the duplicates I found in the drawer in Welfare's room, there was one in the name of Johnson, and another in the name of Harriet Brown—these are them (These being read, were both in the name of A. Johnson.)

MR. CLARKSON
now proposed to prove a subsequent uttering of another forged 10l. note by Brown.
MR. PARRY
submitted that there was no precedent for such a course, and that it could not touch the question at issue, which was the mind with which they uttered the note on 12th Feb.
MR. JUSTICE ERLE
referred to the case of Reg. v. Skennett and another, 2 Car. and Payne, for joint uttering of counterfeit coin, as the nearest in point.
MR. PARRY
contended that there was no such evidence of joint uttering in this case; this was entirely different from a case of slander or libel, where what is said after publication might be received to show the mind with which it was published: here it was sought, by proving a subsequent uttering by one prisoner, to prove the mind of the other prisoner at the first uttering; for it was only upon that principle that the evidence could be admissible.
MR. JUSTICE ERLE
was of opinion that it was receivable, to show co-operation for a common purpose; that was the cote suggested by the prosecution. If that were made out, the act of each vat the act of both; and, upon that principle, the first uttering would be the act of Brown, the second that of Wellfare. Taking the different items of evidence proved—the living together, their denial of each other, the disposal of the check, &c, coupled with the fact about to be proved, that both notes came from the same plate, there was reasonable evidence of co-operation to go to the Jury; at the same time, he cautioned the Jury that unless they were of opinion that both the prisoners co-operated in the uttering on the 12th, the forthcoming evidence was not to be taken into their consideration as against Brown.






WILLIAM SAMUEL MARSHALL
. I live at No. 20 in the Strand, and carry on a grocery business there. On 19th Feb., at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner Brown came to my shop—I have a shopman named Scott—I heard the amount of what she called for, but did not take notice, of each item—the amount wat 6s. 11d.—she tendered in payment what purported to he a 10l. note—this (produced) is the note, I marked it at the time; Scott handed it to me—I did not lose sight of it from the time it was produced by Brown until I marked it—I looked at it, und in consequence of the opinion which I formed of it, I told the prisoner it was a forgery, and sent for a constable—she handed me two letters, and said that was how she had received it—these are the letters (read), both addressed to"Miss H. Brown, 41, Bedfordbury,

Covent-garden, London." "17th Feb. My dear Harriett,—I am at present fortunately in a position to help you out of your present difficulty, but really have so many calls now upon my purse, that if I do not economise I shall be rained. I enclose you half of a 10l. note, and will send you the other as soon as you acknowledge the receipt of this Do not expect any more from me before April. I have put my address on it, and, with the hope you will turn steady, believe me, yours affectionately, THOMAS MORGAN. Walter's Hotel, New-street, Birmingham."—"Birmingham, 18th Feb. My dear Harriet,—I am unexpectedly called into the north, and leave here to-night; consequently I cannot wait for your answer, but have enclosed the other half of the note for you, which I hope will arrive safe. Pray keep your resolution of getting into service again; anything is better than the life you have been leading lately. Let me only see you steady, and I will do all I can to assist you, but not otherwise. I shall not be in London, or here, before April; so do not write to me until you hear from me again: and, until then, believe me, yours affec tionately, THOMAS MORGAN. Walter's Hotel, New-street."

Witness. She said she had been in distress, and met a gentleman that she bad known three years before, in St. Martin's-lane, and he gave her a sovereign, and told her he would do more for her when he could; and that he took her into a public house, and gave her some brandy and water—she said she had received the 10l. note from him from Birmingham, that was the next thing she heard—she received the one half of the note in the first letter, and the other half in the other—she also stated that she had answered one of the letters—she was taken to Bow-street on the same day, and she there produced these two notes, and the envelopes.

Cross-examined by
MR. BURNIE. Q. Had you ever seen Brown before? A. Not to my knowledge—I believe she had not been a customer at my shop—she produced these letters at once—when I turned to her to tell her it was a forgery, she had the letters in her hand ready to produce—the envelopes were in the same state as they are now, with the postmarks—I looked at the note two or three minutes before I told her it was a forgery, and also spoke to a gentleman in the shop, and asked his opinion about it, and when I went to tell her it was a forgery she had the letters all ready in her hand.





WILLIAM WYBIRD
. I am one of the inspectors of Bank notes in the Bank of England—it is never the practice of the Bank to issue more than one note of the same amount and date—this note, uttered on 12th Feb., is No. 65059, dated 12th April, 1852, and purports to be signed by a cashier, named T. Parish—it is a forgery in every respect—this other note, uttered on 19th Feb., is also a forgery in every particular—it purports to be signed by T. Parish—it is also dated 12th April, 1852, and No. 65059, the same as the other—both are for 10l.—they are fac-similes—I have no doubt they are from, the same plate—one of them is endorsed, "J. M. Glover, 16, New-street, Walters' Hotel," and the other, "Thomas Morgan, Walters' Hotel, New-street. "

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

WELLFARE—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.





Transported for Fourteen Years.

(MR. CLARKSON
stated that Brown had been in custody, charged with uttering counterfeit coin, and that Wellfare had lived with a man now under sentence for robbery, and also with a man named Hackett, who escaped from the Model Prison some time ago),
