



781. 




MARY WILSON



, stealing 3 bonnets, 1 bonnet shape, and 1 cap, value 15s.; the goods of 



Edmund Deacon.






EDMUND DEACON
. I am a painter, of 66, Sun-street,; my wife carries on the straw bonnet business. On Aug. 5, about half past 9 o'clock at night, I was sitting in my back parlour—I could see into the shop, and saw the prisoner and a man helping themselves to the bonnets—the man took three bonnets from the counter, and gave them to the prisoner—there was nobody in the shop—I went in and disturbed them—the man ran away, and the prisoner took the bonnets to the opposite side of the way into a court, and threw them down—I called out to her to stop—she stood on the other side of the court, trying to hide herself—I wanted her to pick them up; she would not—I picked them up—she ran down Sun-street, and I followed her, and did not lose sight of her at all—I am sure she is the same woman—there was also a bonnet shape and a hat—the man took them; they were my property,

and were left to be cleaned—the prisoner is married; I believe her husband is a very respectable man, but they have not lived together for some time—I have no reason to believe that the man in the shop was her husband.





JAMES FISHER
 (City-policeman, 672). I followed the prisoner into Long-alley, and took charge of her; she was running away—I received these bonnets from Mr. Deacon.




GUILTY
. (The prisoner was further charged with having been twice before convicted.)





WILLIAM HENRY HALE
 (City-policeman, 625). I was present at the prisoner's trial at Clerkenwell Sessions, and produce a certificate—(read—Clerkenwell, Oct., 1851, Mary Wilson, Convicted on her own confession of stealing bacon; having been before convicted—
Confined Nine Months).





WILLIAM BISHOP
. I know the prisoner—I was present at Clerkenwell Sessions on 6th Nov., 1849, when she was tried for stealing two stockings, value 9d.—she had three months—she has also been summarily convicted of stealing an image.


GUILTY. Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Yeats


