




116. 




WILLIAM ROGERS
 and 




EDWARD JENNER



, burglary in the dwelling house of 



William Davis Salter, and stealing 3 coats and other goods, value 2l.; his property.
MR. 


HENRY JAMES

conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM WESTON
 (policeman. T 75). On the morning of 11th Nov. I was on duty at the rear of the Grove at Hammersmith at a quarter past 4 o'clock—I saw a light at the side of Mr. Salter's house—I stood a few minutes, and saw three persons come into the scullery; one of them with a

candle in his hand: he was followed by two more—the prisoners were two of the persons; I had an opportnnity of seeing them well, and am quite certain they are the persons—I made the best of my way round to the front of the house, and when I passed that and got to the side door they put the light out—I made an alarm, and some man's voice inside answered, "It is all right—it is only the servants"—Mr. Salter soon came to me, and while I was talking to him I heard the front door open—I made my way to it, and before I got there I saw Rogers come off the step, and Jenner following him down the steps—they both had come out of the door—I followed Rogers; Jenner retreated the back way—when Rogers left the steps he ran, and I ran and took him about 200 yards off—his shoes were off—I took him back to the house; I examined the house when I got back—I found three pairs of shoes outside the side door; I took them up into the front room, where I had left Rogers with Mr. Salter—Rogers pointed to the shoes, and asked me to let him put his shoes on—I asked him which they were, and he said, "These Bluchers"—pointing to them—I went down to the passage, and close by the side door I found three coats, a gown, a victorine, a meerschaum tobacco pipe, a toast rack, and a hat—they were lying on the ground, rolled up together—in the kitchen I found an axe—I examined the house, and found that a little window, which entered into a water closet, had been pressed open—there was a towel lying on the seat, and there was dirt on the towel, as if some person had stepped on it—the window turns upon a swivel, and the top part was pressed in—the opening was fifteen inches by seven; it was large enough to admit a man—the buttons where the window fastened had been bent up.

Jenner. Q. You say that you looked through the window, and saw me with a light; which window was it? A. The scullery window—it is a large window.

COURT. Q. Were you standing on the footway? A. Yes; there is not a railing—it is a wall which I could see over from where I stood—the scullery window is about twenty-five yards from the wall—it is on the same level with where I was—I was not looking down—I looked at the men for about a minute—I saw their faces—Jenner carried the light—I had not seen him before—I identify him from seeing him the second time on the steps.





WILLIAM DAVIS SALTER
. I live at No. 10, Grove, Hammersmith. On the night of 10th Nov., I went to bed at a little after 12 o'clock—before going to bed I examined the house—I went round to the outer doors; they were all bolted—I cannot say whether the water closet window was closed—I did not open the water closet door—these coats are mine—when I went to bed they were hanging in the passage upstairs—I was the last person up—this hat was in the passage—this dress was in the parlour—it belongs to my daughter—she was working at it that evening, and left it in a chair in the parlour—I have no doubt this toast rack belongs to me—it was usually kept in the kitchen—this pipe I believe is my son's—he had one, and he has lost it—this axe I can identify—it was kept in the safe under a shelf, and I saw it the next morning in the kitchen—I should say the value of these things altogether is about 5l.—the policeman brought Rogers upstairs, and gave him into my custody while he went about the house—he brought up three pairs of shoes—Rogers was without shoes, and he said, "Let me put my shoes on?"—the officer said, "Which are your shoes?"—he turned round, and pointed, and said, "These are mine."

COURT. Q. Did you pass by the door of the water closet that night? A. Yes, to go to the side door—I do not think I looked if the door of the

water closet was open—I examined the button of the water closet window a day or two afterwards—it was a little bent—I do not know whether it was bent enough to let the window open—if the button had been quite turned, I do not think it would, but it might have been only partly turned—the window is about five feet or five feet and a half from the ground—when a person got into the water closet, they could get to the rest of the house.





JOSEPH LACK
 (policeman D 156). In consequence of what I heard I went to the Marylebone Theatre on 22nd Nov.; I saw Jenner there—I told him I wanted him—he said, "I will come with you"—I took him to the station—I tried on one pair of boots produced by Weston, and they fitted him.





WILLIAM WESTON

re-examined. I found these three pairs of boots outside the house in the passage—they were about three feet from the water closet window—when Jenner went off the step he ran—he jumped off the step I behind me, and ran off to the hack premises.

Jenner, The officer said he could see twenty-five yards off through the scullery window, and the gentleman said there were blinds to the scullery window.

MR. SALTER. There are no blinds to the scullery window—there "are to the kitchen window.

Jenner's Defence. I was at home, and in bed at the time—is it possible the officer could see me twenty-five yards off?





WILLIAM WESTON

re-examined. When Jenner came out of the door, I was as near to him as I am to this men who is next me—but I saw Rogers going off, and I thinking he had some property, followed him and took him.


GUILTY.

Rogers was further charged with having been before convicted.






JAMES MASON
 (policeman, S 168). I produce a certificate of Rogers' former conviction, by the name of 


William Mack—(read—convicted Jam. 7, 1852, of stealing a table cloth, and other things—
Confined Six Months)—Rogers is the man—I was present.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. How many trials have you been at since? A. Two or three—I have been a witness at police courts, perhaps a dozen times—I cannot tell you the case in which I was a witness immediately after this prisoner was tried—nor the name of the last case before—I have no doubt I could identify the person against whom I gave evidence afterwards—Mrs. Phillips was the prosecutrix of Rogers—I have seen her since in the street—I have not been to the House of Correction to see whether any person named Mack was there.

COURT. Q. You took the prisoner on that occasion? A. Yes—he and two others were loitering about; I watched them some time—they stole the articles from a garden—I stopped Mack with the property.

ROGERS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 18.

JENNER—


GUILTY
.** Aged 21.





Transported for seven years.

