



237. 




HENRY CROMWELL



, again indicted for obtaining goods by false pretences.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY MEADEN
. I am clerk to Robert Kalloway Meaden, a wine merchant, who lives in Walbrook; he succeeded Mr. Alexander in the business. About 28th or 29th Nov., the prisoner called at our counting-house—he asked if our gin, rum, and brandy were good—I told him they were—he said he had been in the habit of dealing with Mr. Alexander, and found his articles good—I said we had a large stock of Mr. Alexander's on hand—he said he had paid Mr. Alexander 700l. in two years, and he had sold to some persons, and be should want some samples—he said he wanted two hogshead of gin, two hogsheads of rum, from fifteen to twenty dozen of fine old crusted port, and thirty dozen of champagne—on his making this statement, I let him have three samples of gin, rum, and whisky, in bottles, about half a pint each—when he said he had dealt with Mr. Alexander, I was going to refer to the books to find his name—he said he always paid ready money, and Mr. Alexander never entered his name; I should not find his name in the books—it was what the prisoner had told me, and his representing himself a customer of Mr. Alexander's that induced me to let him have these samples—I afterwards had a communication with Mr. Alexander—the prisoner was to call at 12 o'clock next day to take away fifty gallons of gin with him, and he was to pay in cash—he called at the appointed time—I asked him how much he should want—he said he should not take it that day, he would take it next day, and in the meantime he had made larger sales, and should want larger samples—I told him I had seen Mr. Alexander, and he knew nothing of him—he then said he did not know Mr. Alexander, neither did Mr. Alexander know him, but it was through customers that he had sent him that he had dealt with him—I asked him to mention the name of any one customer—he was not able to do it, but he wished me to let him look at the book, and be would point out several—I refused to show him the book, and he left.

Prisoner. Q. What time in the day did I call first? Witness. About 11 or 12 o'clock—it is usual when we want to make sales to induce some person to take samples, and show—I do not know whether a four ounce bottle will hold half a pint—I never measured it—I remember your coming back and saying you wanted fifty gallons of gin—I do not know exactly what kind of gin, or what the price of gin was then, perhaps 9s. 2d.—I never

recollect a case where strangers came and paid money before they received the goods—I told you we would not send oat the goods without the money—I do not remember that you said it was a respectable house, and Goldings', the brewer's, might be referred to—you said you were well known to Mr. Alexander, and had done business with him, and through that I let you have the samples—I did not ask you the first day whether you knew Mr. Alexander—you told me you did know him well, and his family—I said Mr. Alexander was next door, and you said it was no consequence, he did not know you—sometimes the party to whom you sell goods will require the original sample to be left, to see whether you will send goods equal to the sample—when you came hack you asked me for a larger sample of that which was sold, and I declined it without money was paid for the goods, and you declined all further connection with me.

COURT. Q. When goods are sold by sample, and that sample is left with the customer, is it usual for a larger sample to be sent out? A. I never knew it to be done—I refused to give him larger samples, because Mr. Alexander knew nothing of him—I told him if he would leave money sufficient to cover the expense of the sample he should have it—I refused to let him have them unless he would leave money on the gin he was to have next day—I do not recollect that the house was named where the gin was to go to—he said a customer of his, named David Wells.





WILLIAM ALEXANDER
. I had that business till Aug. last—I never saw the prisoner till he was at the Mansion-house—he never paid me a farthing.

Prisoner. I never said the words that are attributed to me; I never named Mr. Alexander, but on one occasion he asked me if I knew Mr. Alexander; I said I knew him by name, that was all; I went there as every other commercial man does, under the impression that it was a respectable house; I said, "I am a commercial traveller;" he was very glad of my proposal to sell for him; he gave me four samples; I did succeed with one, for fifty gallons of gin, at 9s. 2d., to Mr. Wells, of the White Horse; I told him I had effected this sale, and I supposed his were the usual terms of the trade, provided he was satisfied with the respectability of the man; I told him I should require the original sample for Mr. Wells; that always ratifies the transaction; he refused that, and I told him I could not lose my time any longer, I would go elsewhere; he said his brother would be borne in a few days, and I expected his brother would be no better than himself; all my expenses were out of my own pocket; if he had applied to Coding's and found the man not entitled to credit, I would have sustained the loss, but he has never tried it, but in his own stupid way; he deprived me of the money I spent, and the commission.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
