




1157. 




GEORGE BROWN
 and 




FREDERICK DOWDEN



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Bourne, and stealing 1 hat, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 1 miniature, and other articles, value 8l. 4s.; his goods: 2 handkerchiefs and 1 hat, value 12s.; the goods of 



Henry Bourne the younger: 1 pair of boots, 1 umbrella, and 1 accordion, value 5l. 4s. 6d.; the goods of



 Charles Rosser Bourne; both having been before convicted: to which


BROWN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK MARKIN
 (policeman, S 268). On 28th May, between two and three o'clock in the morning, 1 was on duty behind the houses in Cornwall-crescent, Camden-town, in the parish of St. Pancras—I heard a noise by the door of No. 1, went into the back-garden, and saw four men—Brown was one—they all ran away over the wall—they dropped two umbrellas and an accordion—I fell over them—I took Brown; I had not lost sight of him—I took him to the station, and found on him a tablecloth and some bread and cheese.


Dowden. Q. Was I one of the men? A. To the best of my belief you are—I did not deny it before the Magistrate—your dress and height are the same.





JAMES CARTER
 (policeman, S 140). I searched at the back-kitchen window and found this iron bar, which had been wrenched off—the house is in St. Pancras parish—the back-door was open, and a piece of candle on the window-sill—I called Mr. Bourne up.





HENRY BOURNE
. I belong to the General Post-office, and live at 3, Cornwall-crescent, Camden-town. On 28th May, I was called up a little before three o'clock—I found the dining-room, breakfast-room, and kitchen in a very confused state—a bar was wrenched off the kitchen window, which would enable a person to get in—I left two female servants up when I went to bed—(looking at some knives and forks produced)—I have here a similar knife and fork to these, and have no doubt they are mine—I missed eight pairs—only two knives and one fork have been found—these umbrellas are mine.





THOMAS HAZLEDINE
 (policeman, D 104). I went to 9, Little Charles-street, York-square, and found Dowden without his coat—I said, "Dowden, I want you on suspicion of a burglary in Cornwall-crescent, Camden-town"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—he reached down two coats—I said, "Are these your coats?"—he said, "Yes"—in one of them I found these two knives and a fork—he then said, "That is not my coat"—I said, "Yet it is, I have frequently seen you wear it"—I took him to the station.





CHARLOTTE QUYE
. I am housemaid to Mr. Bourne—I and my fellow-servant fastened the door and back-kitchen window on this night, at nearly half-past eleven o'clock—the iron bars outside the window were all safe—I know this tablecloth by the mark—I swear to these knives, forks, umbrellas, and accordion.





HENRY CHARLES BARKER
 (police-inspector, S). On 29th May, Dowden was brought to the station at half-past five o'clock—about a quarter to nine, Brown was brought—Dowden called him Jones—I heard a conversation between them—Dowden called out, "What have they got you here for?"—Jones said, "For a crack"—Dowden said, "Have they found anything on you?" "No;" "Well they will find a swag on me; you are all right; I shall be settled and dead lagged."


Dowden's Defence. If I had plundered the house, I should have had plenty of time to sell the things; I found the knife and fork, two days after the robbery.





JAMES CLOWTING
 (policeman, D 166). I produce a certificate of Dowden's conviction—(read—Convicted Oct. 1849, and confined six months)—he is the man. DOWDEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

