



876. 




HENRY WATTS
 was indicted

for the wilful murder of 



Sarah Watts.—He was also charged on the Coroner's Inquisition with the like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS BRAMPTON
. I am in the employ of the Great Western Railway. On the 14th July I was in the beer shop of the prisoner, No. 21, Spring-street, Paddington—just after 4 o'clock I saw the prisoner and his wife inside the bar—the little boy was there, crying—the prisoner had a cane in his hand, and he wanted to strike the boy—Mrs. Watts said, "No, you shall not strike him"—the little boy made his escape down stairs, and Mrs. Watts said to the prisoner, "It would be more to your credit to send him to school, as you ought to do, instead of keeping him at home"—on her saying that, the prisoner struck her twice with the cane across the shoulders—he was the worse for liquor—I said, "Mr. Watts, you are no man, for striking a woman"—he asked what odds it was to me—I said it made no difference to me what passed between a man and his wife, but I did not like to see a man strike a woman—he stepped up to her, and said, "I will be d——d if I don't kill you"—I said, "Not in my presence, you will not"—he made a bolt down stairs, and shut the door after him, and Mrs. Watte was left in the bar by herself—the stairs that the prisoner went down go down into the kitchen—they were the same stairs the little boy had gone down—Mrs. Watts came outside the bar—I said to her, "Don't cry, Mrs. Watts"—she had before served me with some beer—she was not the least the worse for liquor—after I had my beer I went out, and left her in the bar—I never saw any more of her.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You say the prisoner was the worse for liquor?A. Yes—this striking with the cane was a sudden thing—he wanted to beat the boy—he did not say anything about the boy taking money out of the till—Mrs. Watts was a middle sized woman, not particularly large—I am sure he did not make use of the expression, "I am d——d if I don't kill you" to me—I am quite certain of that—what he had was a cane about the size of your finger, a little yellow cane.

MR. CLERK. Q. You have been asked whether the blows were given in a hurry; how often was she struck? A. He took hold of her arm with one hand, and struck her twice with the cane, as hard as he could.





ALFRED HOULSTON
. I am a confectioner; I live at Paddington. I knew the deceased Sarah Watts and her husband—on Saturday, 14th July, 1 went to their house in Spring-street, about 20 minutes before 4 o'clock—I was in the parlour which joins the bar—while there I heard a noise in the bar—I heard Mr. Watts's son crying, and his wife scream—I came out into the bar—I heard the prisoner's wife say to him, "Don't hurt Billy"; or "Don't hit Billy", I cannot be positive which—the prisoner had not anything in his hand—he pushed his wife out of the bar by forcing the door against her, to make her go out of the bar—that door goes on to a landing place, to which the staircase comes down from upstairs—the prisoner succeeded in forcing her out of the bar, and shut the door, and he remained in

the bar—I went back to the parlour, and some time afterwards I heard a woman screaming, whom I supposed to be Mrs. Watts, and something like a severe push or a fall against the wainscot—the parlour adjoins the bar, and the staircase comes down at the back of that parlour—I should say the screams came from the door at the foot of the stairs, at the back of the bar—on hearing those screams and fall, I went out into the bar—I attempted to go to that door which leads on to the staircase—the prisoner prevented me—he said I had no right to interfere—he held the door and would not allow me to go any farther—he said I had no right—I did not see anything on the other side of the door—the prisoner said she was a d—d bitch, and he would do for her—after he told me not to interfere, I went back to the parlour, and finished my letter that I was writing—I left the house about ten minutes afterwards—the next day, the 15th, I called at the house at 5 or 10 minutes after 1 o'clock—I saw the prisoner—I told him it was a great pity he had used his wife so, or words to that effect—he told me I knew nothing about it, that his wife had been drinking gin all day long with some porters belonging to the Railway, and a Mrs. Browning, and that she was drunk, and had fallen down stairs, which was the cause of her being injured—I had observed on the previous day, when I was at the her, the state the prisoner was in—I think he was drunk—when the woman brought me in the writing materials, and some ale that I had, the compliments of the season passed between us, that was all—she was in a state of perfect sobriety.

Cross-examined by
MR. FRANCIS. Q. How long had you been at the house before you heard anything? A. About five minutes—I was writing a letter—there is a slight partition of wood, I believe, between the bar and the parlour—I had been in the habit of using that house, oocasionally the prisoner himself waited on me there, at other times his wife and his child—I did not see the child in the bar on this occasion—I did not see any cane—all I heard was the expression, "Don't hurt" or "hit Billy"—that was the son—I do not know whether that was his name—when I saw the prisoner on the Sunday, I said, "It is reported that you struck your wife"—he said, "In striking the child I may have struck her with the cane, but it was not intentionally"—when he used the expression about doing for her, he was in an excited state, very much so—he appeared to have been drinking that day.





JOHN KENDALL
. I live at Knightsbridge. On Saturday, 14th July, I called at No. 21, Spring-street, about 4 o'clock—there was no one in the bar—I saw a child, a girl, standing just out of the bar, at the foot of the stairs, crying—the next thing I saw was a woman fall at the bottom of the stairs—she was at the foot of the stairs, with her head against the wainscot—I do not think I was there more than two minutes altogether—it was almost instantly—she came down very suddenly, and fell flat—seeing her fall, I stepped forward to assist her—I then saw the prisoner—he came forwards into the bar, and shut the door after him, which divided the staircase from the bar—he had come down stairs—I requested him to allow me to go and assist the woman—he had come forward before I stepped to her, and had shut the door after him to prevent my going—I requested him to allow me to pick the woman up—he told me it was his affair, not mine, and requested me to have nothing to do with it—he said it was his wife—I told him I had known him when he was a child—he said, "Very well, this is my affair, not yours; I beg you will not interfere"—I saw the last witness

—he came from a room adjoining the bar—he came into the bar—I did not see any more of the woman—I did not hear any scream.

Cross-examined by
MR. FRANCIS. Q. You could see the place where she fell? A. I did not see the stairs—I could see the landing at the bottom of the stairs—I cannot tell whether the prisoner was on the stairs, but he came down immediately afterwards—they are winding stairs, but I should not suppose she fell further than from the first landing—a person on the winding part could not see the place where the woman fell, without they turned their head—this appeared a very violent fall—I did not see her head strike against any thing, but it must have struck against the door post, or the wainscot—there was not sufficient length for her—I knew the prisoner before—I knew him when he was a child, about twelve years old, but not afterwards—he did not recognise me at all—I examined the stairs a few days afterwards, and found the banister gone from near the top of the first landing—I did not count the steps to that place, I should fancy about eight or nine.





SARAH BROWNING
. I am now living with my husband, at No. 32, Market-street, Edgware-road. I did lodge in the house kept by the prisoner when this happened—on the day this happened I heard a noise, which attracted my attention, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon—I heard screams, and a very heavy fall—I was then sitting in the front parlour with my husband—I went out of my room in consequence of what I heard—I found Mrs. Watts lying on the floor, at the foot of the stairs—she was screaming—her head was about half a foot from the passage door—the little boy and little girl were crying—I tried to raise her up—I was not able—I saw the prisoner on the stairs, I asked him to come and help me up with her, but he would not—he said, "I will have nothing to do with her"—my husband was at home, and I had a sister there—I called to my sister, and she and I were not able to get her up—I called to my husband, and he came, and we three got her up on her feet, and helped her the best way we could into my room, the back parlour, which I used as a bed room—it is on the same floor as the bar—we laid her down on the bed—after we placed her there, the prisoner came down stairs, and followed her into my room, and he tried to reach over me to strike her—he appeared to be tipsy—we got him out of the room—he came in again about two hours after, into the front and back parlours, he came into both the rooms—before he was put out of the room the first time, the deceased was crying, and holding her head, and just as he went out of the room she said, "Oh, Watts! what have I done to deserve this?"—I do not think he heard that, he was just out of the room—she might not know that he was out—nothing more passed at that time—in two hours afterwards he came into the front room—she was in the back room—the door was open—he came in with his two hands clenched, and said", Where is the d——d b—h?" and he said he would kill her—he tried to get into the back parlour—I was in the front parlour, I begged him not to go in, as she was trying to go to sleep—I took him by the two wrists and tried to prevent his going in, but he pushed by the sofa, and got into the back room—I still held him—he got one of his hands loose from mine, and tried to strike her—he struck at her, but did not strike her, because I pulled him back by the other arm—he said she was drunk, and not fit to live, and he would do for her—he called her Irish, and not fit to live—to the best of my recollection, that was the expression—ho said she was not fit to live, and the sooner she was dead the better—I persuaded him

not to strike her, not to ill treat her—I said, "You have ill treated her enough already, and too much I fear"—she then said, "Oh, Henry! What have I done to deserve this? you cruel man to serve me so"—he said "You are drunk, and not fit to live"—she said, "I am not drunk, the fell has upset my stomach, that has made me sick"—she had been sick frequently while she laid on my bed—in what she threw up I did not notice any smell of liquor, not the slightest—he then turned to me, and said, "You are drunk, and have been giving her gin"—I said, "I am not drunk; I have given her no gin; I have not seen any spirits for a fortnight; I have given her nothing but cold water or tea"—he said she should not stay in my room—she said, "Let me stay till I am better, I will come"—I said, "Let her stay till she is better, don't disturb her now"—I got him out, and he went back into the front room—my husband was there at work—he is a tailor—my husband persuaded him to go out, and let her abide where she was—I cannot say exactly bow long she lay in that state after he was induced to go out of the room—it might be half an hour, or an hour—she then said she was better, and she would go up and lay on her own bed—the servant had persuaded her to go before, and she said she would when she was better—she did not sleep in a room over mine—it is a sort of double house—her room is on the first floor—when she left my room to go up stairs, I went up about three steps, and asked her if I should assist her—she said, "No, I shall do nicely now, thank you Mrs. Browning"—when she got to the top, she looked over the balustrade, and said, "I shall do nicely now"—I returned to my room—after that, I heard screams, up stairs—but a minute or two before I heard the screams, I heard Watts go up stairs—I heard his voice on the stairs—I did not hear the words he said—when I heard the screams, I went down in the kitchen to the servant—she came up with me—I gave her some directions, and she went up stairs—she soon returned, and at the same time Watts ran down, and went into the bar—the servant came back and said something to me, and the child came down and said something to me—I went up, and found Mrs. Watts and two children in the room, the little boy and the little girl—I do not know their ages—I should say ten or eleven—they were in the room crying—the deceased woman was lying on the bed perfectly insensible—her eyes were half open, and she was making a noise in her throat—I went up and spoke to her; she was not able to speak—she never spoke afterwards—I called for some water; I thought she might have been faint—I tried all I could, but she did not recover—I went down and found the prisoner in the bar—I said, "Watts, I believe your wife is dying; send for a doctor"—he said, "Let her die and be d—; I won't send for a doctor"—I said, "It is no use your talking like that, tell me who your doctor is and I will fetch him"—he said, "I will not"—he said she was drunk, and had fallen down stairs—I said, "If you won't send for your doctor, I will send for mine"—he said, "Mind your own business; you dare to send for a doctor; do it at your peril"—he then went into the bar and slammed the door—I went over the way to a doctor that I thought was their doctor, but he was not at home—I sent for another, and Mr. Reece came—that might be about a quarter of an hour after I had had the conversation with the prisoner—I went up stairs before the doctor came—I found the deceased on the floor—Watts was in the room, and he had hold of her, but I did not see what he did, for directly at that time the doctor came, and I ran down to let him in—I went up stairs with the doctor—I do not remember that the prisoner said anything to him then, but he did afterwards—he said, "I did not send for you, you

have no business here, you only want to make a job"—the doctor assisted me to get her on the bed—he looked at her and said, "I fear it is a concussion of the brain"—the prisoner said she was drunk, and he frequently ordered Mr. Reece out of the room, and to leave her alone—while the doctor was in the room, the prisoner tried to assist to lift Mrs. Watts on the bed, and he said she was very tipsy—Mr. Reece desired him to leave the room, and told him he feared she would never recover—the prisoner went out for a short time, and he came in again and again ordered Mr. Reece to go away—Mr. Reece said, "I don't wish you to have me, but I shall not leave this poor woman till you send for another medical man, and send for him in my presence"—the prisoner said he would have Dr. Forbes if he had anybody, for he was a gentleman, and would not charge him anything—he was sent for, and Mr. Reece then left, giving me instructions what to do; to put a bottle of water to her feet, and to send for him if I wanted him, if Dr. Forbes did not come—when Mr. Reece took his leave the prisoner was in the room, and after Mr. Reece had left, he again dragged his wife off the bed on the floor—he got her to the hearthstone, and stretched her out straight on the hearthstone—he pulled her up by her clothes in front, and threw her head back on the hearthstone—he did that twice—he said he would bring her to her senses, he had done that before—I tried to interfere—I tried to pull him away, and he threw me across the room, and my side came in contact with the bed post—I went back again to him to try to save her, and he said he would serve me the same if I did not leave the room—I tried to persuade him to let her alone and leave the room—he said she was drunk, and not fit to live, and he would kill her—he repeated that many times—I said, "Watts, if you don't leave her alone I will call the police; you will kill her"—he then went out of the room, leaving her on the floor—I called the servant to help me to pick her up, and put her on the bed—(the servant was in the room near the door when I called her, but she ran out several times because she was afraid of him)—I and the servant succeeded in putting her on the bed—after we got her on the bed, the prisoner came in again before Dr. Forbes came—the prisoner came to the bedside, dragged his wife off again on to the floor in a sitting posture—he got behind her, took hold of her two shoulders, and pushed her forwards with his knees—he then put his foot up, and kicked her forwards—he was still making use of bad language, the same as he had done before, and saying he would bring her to her senses, and he knew where to touch her to make her feel—when he pushed her forwards with his knee, it was not towards the bed but towards the door—I got him to let her go, and she fell backwards, but I caught her—I held her shoulders on my arm, and I lowered her down gently—he then laid hold of her legs, and began shamefully treating her—I was close to him all the time, trying to pull him away, but I was not strong enough—I kept him off as well as I could—I got him to leave the room, and I and the servant got her on the bed again—Dr. Forbes then came, and he examined her in the same way that Mr. Reece had done, and made use of nearly the same words; that he feared she would never recover—during the whole time that this was going on, she was in this insensible state, with her eyes fixed—when Dr. Forbes came and was examining her, the prisoner put his hand under the bed clothes, and did something to her feet—she gave a catch—I turned down the clothes to see what he was doing; he had got hold of her toes—I spoke to Dr. Forbes about it, and he ordered him out of the room—before Dr. Forbes came, the prisoner had squeezed her at the

back of her neck, and slapped her on the breast, and pinched her ear—he said he knew where to touch her to make her feel, and he would bring her to.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How long had you and your husband lived in this place? A. About twelve months; it may be rather more—we are indebted to Mr. Watts for rent—I do not know how much without my rent book was here—I did not pay the rent weekly; I paid it when I had it—I do not owe 7l. or 8l.—I have had no dispute about it—we were always on good terms before this—the prisoner never asked me for rent in his life—I know Mrs. Nash—she used to be a friend of Mrs. Watts—she was not there when this happened—when Dr. Forbes was there, I told him I must have some one to help me, I could not stand it much longer, and she came while he was there—to the best of my recollection I fetched her myself—there is a Mrs. Turnbull, I believe, a sister-in-law of Mrs. Watts—she was not there—she came on the Sunday—I wished her to be sent for—she was not there at all on Saturday to my knowledge—she was not there when Dr. Forbes came; he came, I think, about 9o'clock—Mrs. Turnbull knew nothing about it till she came on Sunday, and I told her about it—I did not say anything to her about having got into a pretty mess, and that my husband would send me 100 miles in the country—I said I would rather have been 100 miles off, than to have witnessed what I had witnessed, or words to that effect—I did not make use of this expression, "I have got myself into a pretty mess"—the girl who was examined before the Coroner may be about ten yean old—I believe she was examined before the Magistrate and the Coroner, I believe not before the Grand Jury—I did not say to Mrs. Turnbull that I would stay in the country, and she did not say I should be made to come back—I said before that I wished I had been in the country, and Dr. Forbes said, "It would be no good, you have seen it"—Mrs. Turnbull accused me for being in different tales about this matter, and she said I should be well rapped on the knuckles for it—I had told her about this on the Sunday when she came, and she was very much put out about it—she said her brother had no business to marry an Irish woman—Mrs. Watts died on the Monday—I have never had any quarrel with this man—he never separated me and my husband when I was tipsy—I never was tipsy in my life—nobody can come forward to say I was—my husband and he got drunk one night, and they both came into my room—my room was never on fire when I and my husband were sitting at the table drinking—my husband was in bed, and my sister and I were in the back yard, down in the wash house, when there was a cry of fire, we came in, and Mr. Watts was coming out of the room—I have never made any threats against Watts that I would hang him, or anything of that kind—I am sure I have not—on the day I came from the Police Court, I did not tell Mrs. Turnbull I would hang him if I could—I never told that to any one.

Q. On Sunday night did you, and your husband, and How it son have a gallon of beer that was drawn? A. No, I had no beer at all; I was up stairs with poor Mrs. Watts on Sunday night—my husband was going to have some supper, and some friends came there—Mrs. Turnbull drew him some beer for supper, but I was up stairs—to the best of my recollection, I never tasted it—I am quite sure I have not exaggerated this matter at all in any way—the blows on the head that I spoke of, by lifting up the head and letting it down, were very violent, and she was insensible at the time—

during this period the prisoner appeared to be tipsy—he said he was not, and told Dr. Forbes he was not.

Q. Have you not repeatedly said that he appeared to be very much intoxicated? A. I have said that he appeared to be tipsy—he appeared to be drunk, but he was able to walk into the room and out again, and when a man is very drunk, of course he falls about—he charged me with giving his wife gin—that was not true—when he was doing what I have described, he repeatedly said his wife was drunk, and it would bring her to—he said that several times during the evening—he said she was drunk—I cannot tell his thoughts—he might think so for all me—from what he said to me over and over again, it did not appear to me that he was under the impression that she was drunk—it appeared to me that he was intemperate—he said she was drunk—he did not say it in a manner as if he thought she was drunk—I thought he said it just for the sake of saying so.

Q. Was any one in the room after Mr. Reece left, and before Dr. Forbes came? A. The servant was in the room once or twice—she saw a part of what passed—she was there part of the time.

MR. CLERK. Q. Before this Saturday had you ever had any dispute with Watts about rent? A. Never—there was a running account between us—I had done some things for the children, and I made the last black dress that Mrs. Watts ever had—to the best of my recollection, I fetched Mrs. Nash on the Saturday night, and she remained with me till about 12 o'clock—she then left me, and I remained with Mrs. Watts till some old lady that did washing came—I never saw Mrs. Turnbull till Sunday in my life—I asked Mr. Watts if he had not some relation that could come to assist me, and she came on Sunday—I think it was while church was in—she told me on the Monday that I was to be well rapped on the knuckles for having told different tales, and she told me on the Sunday, frequently, to be careful what I said, for there would be other witnesses beside me.





ROBERT BROWNING
. I am the husband of the last witness. I am a tailor—I lived at No. 21, Spring-street about twelve months—I and my wife had been on good terms with Watts to that date—we never had any disputes with him—on Saturday afternoon, 14th July, about 4 o'clock, I was at work at home, in the front parlour—my wife was sitting with me—I heard a heavy fall, and screaming—my wife went out to see what was the matter—my wife's sister was in the room—my wife called her sister, and then she called me—I went in the passage, and helped to pick the prisoner's wife up—I found her lying in the passage when I went out—I did not see anything of the prisoner—I assisted in carrying the deceased into the back parlour—I left her just as I got her to the edge of the bed—I went into the front room—it is not necessary to go through the front room to go to the back room—there is a way from the passage—a few minutes after she was placed on the bed I heard Watts in the room—I heard his voice, I do not know what he said—I remained in the front parlour—about two hours after, he came into the front parlour—he said, "Where is that drunken b—h?"—I advised him not to go in to her, not to ill treat her any more, and my wife tried to prevent him from going in, but he pushed by her—she advised him to go out—she got him part of the way, between the front parlour and the back parlour—he said, "The b—r is not fit to live"—he got into the back room, and my wife followed him—I heard him swearing at my wife, and saying she had nothing to do with it, and he would have the d——d b—h out—the deceased remained on my wife's bed till about 7 o'clock, I

believe—I did not notice her going up stairs—I asked my wife how she was, and she said she was gone up stairs to her own room—after that I heard a fall and a scream immediately—it was up stairs—I could not tell which room it was in—my wife went out to see what was the matter—I did not go up stairs—the prisoner was drunk when he came into the front parlour, and went out into the back parlour—I do not think Mrs. Watts was in liquor; I never knew her to be drunk.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did you go out? A. I went out after that—the prisoner said his wife was drunk, he called her a drunken b—h—he said several times that she was drunk, and he wanted to come into the room to beat her again—that was after the first fall.





HANNAH SPRATMAN
. I was living with my sister, Mrs. Browning, in the prisoner's house—I had been a lodger there for some months—on Saturday afternoon, 14th July, while sitting with my sister, I heard screams and a heavy fall—my sister went out to see what was the matter—she called me and I found Mrs. Watts lying upon the stairs—my brother in law also came out—I assisted in carrying her to the bed—after she was placed on the bed I bathed her head with cold water—the prisoner came in to try to get her out—I did not hear what he said—after some time he left the room, and about two hours after he came back to the front parlour—he came in with his hands clenched, and asked where the d—d bitch was—he pushed into the back parlour where she was, and tried to strike her—he did not reach her, for my sister prevented him—he said he would kill her, she was only drank and not fit to live—after that he left the room, and went out in the passage—I saw Mrs. Watts go upstairs, and after she went up I heard Watts go up—after he went up I heard screaming from upstairs—after those screams my sister went up into this upper room—I did not see or hear any one come down from the upper room after the screaming—I did not go upstairs—I saw nothing more of Mrs. Watts that evening—from what I saw of her that day, she was sober—she vomited, but there was no smell of liquor—Watte was drunk.





GEORGE REECE
. I am a surgeon, and live at No. 45, Sussex-gardens. I was sent for that Saturday evening to the prisoner's house, a little before 9 o'clock—I went immediately I had the message—Mrs. Browning met me in the passage—I went upstairs with her to the bedroom—I found the deceased on the floor perfectly insensible—her pulse was very weak, and the surface of the body very cold and clammy—I examined the eye—the pupil was very much dilated—it did not contract in the slightest degree—I at once expressed my opinion that she was in" great danger—she appeared to be suffering under some violence to the brain—either concussion or com pression of the brain—the prisoner was in room when I stated it to be my opinion that she would not recover—he asked me who sent for me, and said I had no business there, he did not wish my presence, or my interference, and that he had not sent for me—I told him his wife was in great danger, that I had no wish to interfere with the case, but I should take charge of it until he had sent for some one else—I then assisted in removing her from the floor to the bed—he then gave directions to one of his children to fetch Mr. Forbes, and the child left the room for that purpose—we assisted his wife to the bed, I and Mrs. Browning, and I think the servant—the prisoner attempted to assist, but it appeared to me that he was not in a fit state to assist—he placed himself in a position where he could not be of use, and I desired him to leave the room, and I sent for a lighted candle.


Q. Had you any opportunity of ascertaining whether she was tipsy A. My attention was drawn to that by some one saying she was tipsy, but there was nothing of the kind—I ordered hot water to her feet—a fall down a portion of the stairs might account for the symptoms I saw; supposing that fall to have produced concussion of the brain, sickness would follow as a consequence—the first impression would be insensibility, but when reaction came on it might produce fulness of the vessels of the brain.

Q. You have heard that in this case this unfortunate woman talked, and walked up stairs, and two hours elapsed after that before you saw her; would you refer the state in which you found her after such an interval as you have described, to the injuries of the fall? A. Such a thing is possible—if a person talked after this and went up stairs, and I found her two hours after in the state in which I found her, it is possible that state might be referable to the fall—there are cases in which the vessels of the brain discharge their contents, and effuse the brain little by little—that is after reaction comes on—I should think the violence I have heard described after the fall, might have produced the state that I saw her in—it certainly would have accelerated it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. I believe Dr. Forbes' name was mentioned? A. It was by the prisoner, and he ordered the boy to go for him.





JOHN GREGORY FORBES
. I am a member of the College of Surgeons On Saturday evening, 14th July, I was called to the house of the prisoner—his little boy came for me, I believe, about half past 9 o'clock—I had attended the family before that day—I went as soon as I was sent for—I went to a room up stairs—I found the deceased lying on the bed—Ma Browning, the servant, and two children, were in the room—Mrs. Watts was insensible—I examined to see if there was any sign of spirits, and there was none—I attended her till her death, on Monday 16th July—I made a post mortem examination—there was a bruise on the head, of the size of a crown piece, immediately above the right ear—there was no other mark of injury on any part of the body; no external mark but this bruise—internally, there was a large quantity of blood effused on the surface of the brain, beneath the bruise, and extending over the whole of the hemisphere of the brain—there was no evidence of any disease previous to this—I attribute death to the injury to the head—the immediate cause was the effusion of the brain, which was the effect of the injury—on my arriving at the house the prisoner was in the passage—he made a statement to me with regard to his wife—he told me that she had fallen, I think he said down stairs, I am not certain, in consequence of having taken too much—while I was examining her in the room up stairs, he was there part of the time—he put his hand under the clothes, to her feet, while I was there, to her toes—Mrs. Browning called my attention to it—what he did to the feet had an effect on the deceased—she made a start—if he had pinched her feet, or any pressure on her feet, it would make her start her leg—a tickle with a feather might produce the effect, or it might be a pinch—at the time I was there, there was a conversation passing between Mrs. Browning and the prisoner—the purport of it was, objecting to Mrs. Browning's interference—I observed her conduct while I was in the room—there was nothing in her interference that appeared to me improper; not at all—she made a statement to me as to what the prisoner had done to his wife in the room—she stated the circumstances—I could not say positively whether the prisoner was present—he was in and out of the room—I saw a girl tea or eleven years of age in the room—she made a statement to me about her

father—the prisoner was intoxicated—after the woman was dead, I was in the house when the prisoner was taken into custody, on Tuesday, the 17th—the prisoner made a statement—he said that he pushed against his wife—he said that he wished to get her back to the bar; that he followed her up stairs, and pulled her by the dress to get her back, and, not succeeding, he went up above her and pushed her, and she took hold of the rail of the banister; it gave way, and she fell—I observed that there was a banister broken, but not at that time—I dare say there were fire or sir steps from the landing place to where the banister was broken—that was where the staircase was straight, but it turned afterwards—the woman died on the Monday night—the prisoner was on the bed at the time—I told him of it, and he turned his face away and cried.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Was he quite sober then? A. Yes—I have attended the family, and always gratuitously, except on one occasion in her confinement—the prisoner's mother was in my family, and rendered us some assistance—of course, in sending for me, he would be sure he was sending for some one who would not charge him for attendance—I had attended this unfortunate woman—she had not complained of anything in her head except headaches, nothing more—when I saw the prisoner he was intoxicated—he said to me that his wife was drunk, but it was not true. Q. Supposing the head had been violently thrown on the hearthstone, or lifted and fallen on the hearthstone, do you believe you must have observed some marks on the back of the head? A. If it had been done with great violence—I only observed one external injury—there would have been other marks than I saw, if it had been with great violence—I think there would not have been internal wounds—the effusion had extended over one hemisphere of the brain—if a person had received a push, and had fallen from the banister, that would occasion all that I saw, because there would he no limit to the effusion—I think what the prisoner told me was that his wife was the worse for liquor, or the worse for drink—that was an erroneous impression of his, but still such an impression as a drunken man might take up—his wife was not a particularly heavy, strong woman.

COURT. Q. Do you say that a push, or a fall down stairs, would account for all you saw? A. Yes, and for her death.

MR. PARRY. Q. Would a fall without a push have occasioned it? A. Yes—I never saw the prisoner otherwise than kind and attentive to his wife—I never heard of quarrels between them—of course I attended at times when kindness was of consequence—I think there have been five such—when he cried, it appeared to be a genuine expression of emotion.

Q. You have heard Mrs. Browning's statement about the treatment on the hearth, do you believe that so much violence could have taken place without some marks of injury? A. I think the absence of marks might be attributed to the hair being on the head.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How long had you attended them? A. I think about four years—I have been there seven or eight times at different attendances, but I have been there more frequently of course—the last medical visit I paid was in Jan. this year, but I had been in the house about a month before this—the deceased was a woman of sober, temperate habits—the fall that has been described might account for all that I saw, but such violence as has been deposed to would, I think, increase or accelerate the consequences of the fall.

COURT. Q. I understood you to say that this fall down the stairs would

account for all that you saw and for her death, do you mean for her death at the time when she died? A. Yes, for her death when she died.

Q. Then what happened to her afterwards could not accelerate or increase it? A. Yes, it would have a tendency to do so, but I think all I saw might be accounted for by a fall.





CORMACK DOWNS
 (police sergeant, D 6). I was with inspector Grant when the prisoner was taken—the inspector left him in my charge in Mrs. Browning's room, in his own house—the prisoner told me to sit down—he said, "I won't go away, I have done nothing, and no Jury will find me guilty; I did not strike her, if I did, I ought to be hung"—he repeated that expression three or four times—he said, "Certainly I had no right to push her.




GUILTY
of Manslaughter
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

