




619. 




ERNEST MULLER
 and 




NATHANIEL DAVIDSON



, unlawfully obtaining 2 1/2 sovereigns, of 



Augustus Sillem, by false pretences, with intent to defraud: to which


MULLER pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. GIFFORD
conducted the Prosecution.

(The evidence was explained to the prisoners by an interpreter.)





AUGUSTUS SILLEM
. I am a merchant, carrying on business in Crosby-square. On Friday, 1st April, Davidson called at my office, and this paper (produced) was handed to me by a clerk, in consequence of which I went out and saw Davidson; I asked him in German if his name was Wagner, he said, "No;" Wagner was ill with a bad foot, and being anxious to emigrate to America, was endeavouring to raise subscriptions to enable him to do so—this seal was on the paper at the time—I gave him two half sovereigns, which I took the precaution to mark, and wrote my name across the back of the certificate—(read: "Mr. H. Wagner is the son of a highly respectable family on the continent, and I knew him for several years as a very industrious honest young man; he has been afflicted with severe illness, and intends to leave this country for America, to enter a new sphere of action; I have already assisted him for the said purpose, and recommend him for further help. Dr. Louis Cappell, minister of the German church, Goodman's fields" (a seal was attached.)





JOHN HORSFORD
. I am an officer of the Mendicity Society. On Friday afternoon, 1st April, between 3 and 4 o'clock, I saw Davidson and another man come out of Partridge-court, Gravel-lane, City, and followed him to Crosby-square, to Mr. Sillem's—when he came out, Hardwick and I took him into custody, and told him he was charged with obtaining 1l. of Mr. Sillem; he said, "Me, me! I have not done so" (I had seen Mr. Sillem, and heard what had taken place)—I said, "You have, and you have got the certificate"—he put his hand in his pocket, took out a certificate, and attempted to tear it—I took it from him, and also this letter (produced) which he took out of the same pocket as the certificate, and attempted to tear—I took him to the station, went back to Partridge-court, and found my brother constable there and the prisoner Müller, writing a letter for a woman—he requested us to go out of the room while he read the letter; when he had done that I told him he was charged with obtaining 1l. by using a forged letter of Dr. Cappell's—as soon as I told him that, he put his hand into the corner of a drawer beside him, and took out this seal (produced) which is similar to the impression on the certificate—he attempted to throw it into the fire; I caught hold of his hand and took it—I took him to the station.


Prisoner. Q. Was I going to tear the letter up? A. Yes; the letter was torn.





JAMES FRYER
. I am an officer of the Mendicity Society. On 1st April, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, I took Davidson into custody in Houndsditch—I found on him several letters (produced) in this pocket book; he attempted to destroy one of them, this (produced) is the end of it—I found on him this half sovereign, marked—I afterwards went to No. 9, Partridge-court, and saw Müller—I found on him between 300 and 400 letters (produced)—they were all begging letters—Müller was sitting on these two papers, which purport to be certificates—(these were in German, and bore the seal of the Goodman's-fields Lutheran Church, Another letter was addressed"Worthy Baronet," and requested the charitable to contribute their mite to enable the afflicted writer to settle in an honest way, and referred to the Rev. R. T. Cohen, of Dover, a few lines of whose handwriting were stated to be enclosed—Signed "Nathaniel Davidson." Another letter signed Nathaniel Davidson stated that the writer was a Russian Jew, and had been a traveller; but having embraced Christianity, objected to travel about selling brass for gold, and requested the sum of 3l. to enable him to learn the trade of a slipper maker, referring to the Rev. C. F. Ewell, of No. 6, Palestine-place, Bethnal-green)—The following was also read: "3, Church-street, Spitalfields, March, 1835, Mr. E. Müller is suffering from very severe gout, and is under my care; the use of a galvanic battery would be doubtless of very great use to him, and therefore I earnestly recommend him as a man worthy of consideration, as a means of enabling him to enter a new sphere of action. Signed, FORB, surgeon")—Other letters referred to Herman Towne, of Spitalfields, and N. Nathan, Esq., of No. 10, Finsbury-circus.


Witness continued. I have inquired for Mr. Herman Towne at the address in Spitalfields, and no such person is Known—I inquired at every house in the street.

Prisoner. Q. Have I spoiled the letter? A. You tore a corner off it; you made a mistake, I suppose, and thought it was the certificate.





DR. LOUIS CAPPELL
. I am minister of St. George's Lutheran Church, Goodman's-fields. There is no other person of that name connected with that Church—this seal (producing one) is the official seal of the Church, and here is an impression from it (produced)—every Church in Germany has such a Real; it is used if the handwriting of the minister it perfectly unknown, and in the eyes of foreigners such a document has a legal effect; it autho-rises the document—I never wrote or sealed these papers produced—for the last five or six years forged impressions of the seal have been coming under my notice.





LOUIS VAN DER NAST
 (through an interpreter). I am a waterproofer, and lived at Three-ton Alley, Whitechapel. I have left since—I am in the employ of Cowan and Co., of Aldermanbury—I know the prisoners, and have seen them together several times at Mailer's house, in Partridge-court—I have seen Müller write several times, and know his writing exactly—this certificate in English (the one shown to Mr. Sillem) is in his writing, and this other one is the same in German.





ALFRED BENECKE
. I am one of the firm of Stuckey and Co., of No. 63, Moorgate-street. On the morning of 19th Jan. we received a letter without a name, of which I have a translation here; it enclosed the address of a Mr. Spero, and the handwriting of the Rev. Dr. Steines—the letter states that the writer has been for twenty years a music master, and was in great distress—Davidson afterwards called, on the subject of that letter; he referred to it,

and asked for relief—I told the clerk to give him 10s.—I then went through the office, and saw a young man—I said, "Have you been twenty years in England?"—he said, "No, only ten years"—I said, "You had better get off, for I suspect it is a forgery," and I let him go—he told me that his name was Spero, and that he applied for relief—on 31st Jan. he came to the Society of Foreigners, distressed, with a recommendation from the Rev. Dr. Steines; I recognized him immediately, and asked him if he had never seen me before; he protested strongly that he had never seen me—I asked him to sit down for a minute, and sent for the clerk who had given him 10s., who immediately said, "That is the man you gave 10s. to, and took from him for attempting to impose upon you"—Davidson asked me not to be hard upon him, and he was dismissed—a short time afterwards I received a letter from Mr. Vander-Nast.





LOUIS VAN DER NAST

re-examined. These two letters (two of those found at Mailer's) are half in Mailer's writing and half in Davidson's.





AUGUSTUS SILLEM

re-examined. This half sovereign produced I gave to Davidson; it has my mark on it.

Davidson's Defence. Several of the letters were written to give me a good character, and some of them I wrote for the purpose of practising the English language; several times I earned a few halfpence by the instructions of Müller, by copying the letters; I was obliged to make different copies for him; I put them into English and German, and that is the cause of my writing being with his letters; he told me to go with the letters to Mr. Sillem's, and promised to give me something if I went, and told me he was recommended there by two gentlemen, but did not tell me it was false; I asked him why he did not go himself; he said he was not very well—he went with me to Houndsditch, and showed me where to go in, and I went in with the letter, and took him the sovereign back; he told me if I would get 2l. he should have quite enough to go abroad; I did not want to destroy the letter that was torn; it was written to Mr. Montefiore when I was coming to London; it has writing in it about the Rev. Mr. Cohen, of Dover, where I lived thirty months; his writing is in my pocket book; Mailer told me to say the name of Wagner; I can copy any language, but I cannot spell the English, and the letters found in my pocket book I kept to see how to spell words; I have been six weeks in prison.
(Simon Levy, a slipper maker, of No. 9, Partridge-court, Gravel-lane, Houndsditch, gave the prisoners good characters.)

DAVIDSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The officer Horsford stated that he had been four years endeavouring to bring Miller to justice.)
