



355. 




CHARLES TRIPHOOK



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Elems, and stealing therein 1 coat and 1 shawl, value 15s.; his property.

Mr. SLEIGH
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM ELEMS
. I reside at No. 25, Denmark-street, in the parish of St. Giles. On the night of 25th Jan., I went to bed at a little before 11 o'clock—I was the last person up—the outer door was shut, but not locked—there was no handle outside, but it could be opened with a latch key—I have a room upstairs, and my two sons sleep in the kitchen—in the morning found the kitchen door open, which I had left shut the night before, and missed from that room a coat and shawl, which were safe when my sons went to bed—this is the coat (produced)—I am a tailor, and made it myself—it is my property, and what my son used to wear.

Cross-examined by Mr. PAYNE. Q. Is not Denmark-street a neighbourhood in which a great many coats and clothes are sold? A. Dudley-street is, but Denmark-street is all private houses—there are eight rooms in the house—I am a lodger—respectable mechanics live in the house—the landlord's name is Mancroft—I believe his Christian name is Benjamin—he is a compositor

—one of my sons was fourteen years old last July, and the other eighteen last June—they slept in the kitchen that night—neither of them are here—I found them there in the morning when I called them to go to their work.—I saw the younger one take this jacket off when he went to bed—I know it by having pieced the cuffs, and by my work altogether—I have not pieced the sleeves of any other jacket.





WILLIAM SMEE
 (policeman, E 110). On 6th Feb. I apprehended the prisoner—I searched the bedroom in which I found him, and between the bed and the sacking I found a number of skeleton keys, one of which I have tried to the prosecutor's street door, and it opens it (produced)—he was living in Carrier-street, St. Giles's, close to Denmark-street.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you call a skeleton key? A. These two are skeleton keys, and here are five other keys—the one that opens the door is not a skeleton key—a woman was in bed with the prisoner—I did not take her at first—she got up and dressed herself, and we left her in the room—I took the prisoner to the station about half past 1 or 2 o'clock in the morning, and he was liberated about an hour afterwards, and was told that if he came in the morning he might have the things which I had taken from his house—he came, and was taken into custody again.





JAMES COFFEE
 (policeman, E 31). I went with Smee to the prisoner's lodgings, and found in the bedroom eight duplicates, one of which relates to a jacket, in a chest of drawers in the room—I held the tickets in my hand, and asked him where he got the tickets for two coats and a gown, and he said he bought them in a sale room, but whether he alluded to the clothes or the tickets I cannot say.





GEORGE HOWARD
. I am assistant to Mrs. Bullworthy, a pawnbroker, of Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell. On 27th Jan., Thursday I think, the prisoner came there to pawn a jacket and coat—this coat (produced) is one to which this ticket refers; it was pledged by the prisoner for 5s.—I produce the duplicate ticket—I have no doubt of the prisoner being the person who pledged it—it was beeween 11 and 3 o'clock, I believe.

Cross-examined. Q. Do a good many people come to your shop? A. Yes; this was pledged in the name of John Nicholls—I am quite sure it was not a woman who pledged it—I had never seen the prisoner before—I cannot recollect the person who pledged anything immediately before or after him—these pea jackets are a description of goods we very seldom take in—our place is some distance from Seven Dials—I noticed that the jacket had been new cuffed, but do not know whether I told him about that.





WILLIAM ELEMS

re-examined. There was a black worsted shawl of my wife's missing from the same room—my other son's clothes were all safe—they were worth more than the boy's.

JURY. Q. Do you know whether your sons are acquainted with the prisoner? A. Not at all, nor did I ever see him before.




GUILTY
of stealing the jacket.


(The prisoner was further charged with having been previously convicted).





CHARLES DENHAM LANGHAM
 (policeman, E 168). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at the Westminster Sessions—(read—"



Charles Royal, convicted Nov, 1851, of housebreaking and larceny.—
Confined twelve months")—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.


GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

