





942. 




DANIEL MULLONEY,



 GEORGE COLLINS
, and 




SAMUEL RIDGELEY



, unlawfully obtaining, by fraud and ill practice in playing at skittles, 3l. 8s.; the moneys of 



Daniel Barker, with intent to defraud him thereof.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL BARKER
. I am in the service of Mr. Hurley, a cow-keeper, of Spitalfields, and am about twenty years of age. I know the three prisoners—on Monday, 16th Aug., I was in company with Mulloney and Collins—I knew Collins before, but not Mulloney—there was a third person with them—I do not know his name—he is not here—I played at skittles that evening

with Collins and Mulloney at the Buffalo, in Skinner-street—I lost 3l. that evening—four of us played the first game, and I played Mulloney after that—we played two and two the first game, and afterwards I played Mulloney—he won the money of me—that was all the money I had with me—I parted with them about 9 o'clock—Collins proposed our meeting again on the Thursday night, but I could not go before the Friday night—Mulloney bad betted that if we met on Thursday night I would not knock the skittles down in five throws for 3l.—he betted with me, and we were to meet on the Thursday, but I could not go—on the Friday evening, about 8 o'clock, I was passing by Bisbopsgate Church, and fell in with Mulloney and Collins, and a friend of theirs, the same man who had been with us on the Monday evening—we went to Long-alley, to the Dolphin public-house—Collins went in first, to see whether we could have the ground—he came out, and said they would not let him have the ball to play with—we then went up higher, to another public-house, where the ground was shut up, and we could not get in—then we went up to the Skinners' Arms, in Skinner-street, Bishopsgate, and bad a game, all four of us, for a glass of brandy and water—I and the strange man beat—Mulloney paid for the brandy and water—then Mulloney and I played for half a crown—the potman held the stakes—I won that, and Mulloney paid me, at least the potman handed over the stakes to me—Collins was gone away then—he said to us, "Wait ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; I will go up to my uncle's and borrow 5l., and back you to play Mulloney"—we were in the skittle-ground, playing, when he came back—we then left the Skinners' Arms, and went to a public-house in Acorn-street, but there was no skittle-ground there, and we all came back again to the Skinners' Arms—we were in the taproom, and had a pot of half and half—Mulloney paid for it; and shortly afterwards Ridgeley came in—I had never seen him before—he talked like a countryman, and wanted to throw weights along with Collins, half a hundredweight—Collins said, "Come, let us get him out into the skittle-ground"—we went into the skittle-ground, and they wanted it to themselves private; but so many people came in, that we came out again, and went into the Sun Tavern—it was then nearly 10 o'clock—Ridgeley ordered a glass of brandy going in, and said we wanted the skittle-ground to ourselves—Collins played a game first with Ridgeley, and gave him two chalks out of three—there are three chalks to a game—the one who gets all the skittles down in the least number of throws gets a chalk—while one had to get three chalks, the other only had to get one—Collins beat, and then he persuaded me to play Ridgeley—I commenced playing with him for 10s.—the game Collins won was for a glass of brandy; and then Collins and Mulloney both betted 10s. on me—they betted the same as I did, that I would win with Ridgeley, but Ridgeley won—after that Collins persuaded me to play him for 1l. and he would back me for the same—I paid my 10s.—Collins held the stakes—I did not see him pay the money over, but I put mine into Collins' hands, and he said he had got it all right—then Collins persuaded me to play for 1l., and said he would back me for the same—Ridgeley won it—I paid my 1l. to Collins, who held the stakes, and they made believe to pay their bets into his hand—I do not know whether they did or not—I saw no money paid over to Ridgeley—Collins and Mulloney both persuaded me to play with Ridgeley for another 1l.—they said I could beat him—Collins persuaded me to give him a chalk—that was after Ridgeley had beat me twice—they backed me that game even with the chalk against me—I had given him a chalk all along—Collins said, "Bet him the same again; you will beat him the next time"—I deposited my 1l. with Collins—I won that game, and

got my 1l.—then we played for another pound, in the same way—the others betted just the same—I lost that game—Collins persuaded me to play him for 2l., Ridgeley giving me a chalk, and they would back me with the same—I agreed to that—they each betted 2l.—Collins held the stakes—I deposited my 2l. with him—the game was played—Ridgeley won—Collins then said I had only given him one sovereign—I said I had, for I had only got one farthing about me—(I had no more money)—I searched my pockets, to satisfy him, and said I had given him the whole of the stakes—afterward he said, "Yes; I have got it all right"—I saw no more of my two sovereigns—they did not propose to play any more when I had satisfied them I had no more money—they wanted to go—we were going out; but there was an officer in front of the door, and another behind it—I had not sent for them—I afterwards found that there had been a policeman on the ground some time—they were all three taken into custody, and I followed them to the station-house—as we were going, I saw Ridgeley swing his hand out, and heard something like money jink—we all stopped—a policeman put down his light, and I picked up a coin, and gave it to Towsey—the landlord then picked up another one like it, near the same place—I put it into my pocket, and next morning gave it to Towsey, at the ansion-house—these medals (produced) are what I picked up—they were not in this state then; they were brighter, and looked like gold then—on the previous Monday, when I was with Collins and Mulloney, Mulloney said he was a silversmith, and lived in Bishopsgate-street, and Collins said he knew he did.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long have you been a skittle-player. A. Only that night, except for a pint of beer with my friends—I cannot tell you how long I have known what "a chalk" means—I have, perhaps, played at skittles two years—in one of the games I knocked all the pins down in one throw, and some in two throws—I knew Collins in the beginning of the summer—I had never played with him before that night—I know the Mitre, in Mitre-street, Aldgate; I have played at skittles there, at four hand games, and single games, but not with Collins—I have bet on games at the Mitre—I did not always bet; I generally did—I had never played at the Buffalo till the Monday previous—the largest amount I have won at the Mitre, is about 1s. or so; the largest amount I have lost is 3s. or 4s.—I never played for a larger amount than 1s.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. What are you? A. I look after cows and milk them—I live in Spitalfields, with Mr. Hurley, I have been with him most two years; before that I lived with Mr. Roberts, at Dagen-ham, looking after cows—I used not to play at skittles in the country, my first play was in London—I did not begin to play when I first came to London—I get 16s. a week wages, I do not board and lodge with Mr. Hurley—I have to support myself out of the 16s. a week—I had saved this money for years back—I had 1l. or 2l. when I came to London—when I won the 1l. the prisoners paid me; that was the only sum I won at the Sun—I did not win two or three times there; I did not win 10s., I lost it—I won 7s. 6d. at Skinner-street—when I commenced playing with Ridgeley, I gave him a chalk I do not consider myself a skilful player—I know what a floorer is, it is getting all the skittles down with one ball—I got one floorer on this night, I swear I got no more—a great many men can get floorers when they want—I consider a man a tidy player if he can knock them all down in two throws, but it is very seldom I can do it in two throws—I did do it twice, that was tidy play then, but sometimes I went four or five times; that was after the brandy and water—I was not drunk, I recollect things, I knew what I was

about—I was sober enough—I was ne'er the worse for liquor, we were all pretty much in the same state, as far as drink goes—Ridgeley talked countrified, as if he had come out of the country.

MR. RYLAND. Q. What expressions did he use, that you call country like? A. He drawed his words off and talked very broad—I did not observe in what way the pins were put up when I threw—they can be set either on the outside of the iron plates, or on the inside, so as to be nearer to one another or further off—I put up a few at first, and Mulloney told me to sit down and not to make myself tired—there is a mode of placing them so as to make it easier to knock them all down—I took no part afterwards in placing them—when Ridgeley came to the Skinner's Arms he wanted to throw some weights; he said he had got some money left him in the country, and he did not mind going and having a game at skittles, and losing 5l. or any thing—I had been drinking at each of the public houses, but I did not drink much; I was only a little fresh, I did not feel the effects of it.





JAMES TOWSEY
. I am landlord of the Sun public house, Bishopsgate-street. On Friday evening, 20th Aug., about half-past 10 o'clock, the prosecutor and prisoners came there—they went towards the skittle ground; when they got to the taproom door they asked for a light, and the gas in the ground was lighted up for them—they made the remark that they had got a mug, and they were to send them some beer out—I cannot say who said it—Barker followed the potman in, and the prisoners stopped to make that remark—I expect that a "mug" means a fool, but I do not know—there were several parties in the taproom, and one or two were going into the ground at the same time—I was five or six yards off them, and they could not see me—Ridgeley said to me, "Bring in a glass of brandy and water, Governor," and I sent it in—I knew him, he had been at my place playing at skittles about a week before—I had never seen Barker there before—I called Ward, a policeman, who was passing, and told him what I had heard; he was in plain clothes, he went in and stood by the skittle ground door, which is all woodwork—he could hear plainly what was going on, but could not see—he stood outside the door, it opens inwards—I went into the ground when the officer was there, and they asked for another glass of brandy and water—the skittle ground is glazed and boarded up—when I took the brandy and water in, Collins was saying to Mulloney, "Give me my 5l. back again, I won't bet."—Ridgeley and Barker were playing—the play was over about 12—they were going away, and were stopped by Finnis in front of the bar, and taken to the station—I went after them—at the corner of Sun-street, I heard something resembling money, and they all stopped—I asked a policeman for his light, we looked, and Barker picked up a counterfeit medal resembling a sovereign, like those produced, but much brighter, like a new sovereign—I thought it was a sovereign at first.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When you saw it, was the policeman's light thrown on it? A. Yes; I examined one of them in my hand—I mean to tell the jury it looked like a sovereign; it looks more like a farthing now—it has been worn by being handled.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Barker made no remark to you about unfair play? A. He had not time.





JOSEPH WARD
 (City-policeman, 628). On Friday night, 20th August, I was passing the Sun, in plain clothes, and was called in by the landlord—I stopped first behind the door, and then went into the skittle ground, and saw the prisoners; Ridgeley was playing the prosecutor—I was about the centre of the skittle ground, halfway between the man who throws and the pins—I sat on the ground—I knew Ridgeley before, and he knew me, or ought to

have known me—Collins was setting up the pins, assisted by some one else and Mulloney was betting in favour of the prosecutor—I noticed that on the pinch of the game, the winning game, the pins were set wide for the prosecutor, and close for Ridgeley—I hardly knew which was the victim till I saw that—setting them close gives a man great advantage for the game—when there are two games each, the last game is the winning game—Ridgeley took part in setting up the pins when he was going to play—I believe he set them fair—Barker took no part in setting up the pins—while his pins were set wide, Mulloney kept him in conversation where they deliver the ball from—Barker seemed rather excited at some expressions, Mulloney came up to him, and threatened to punch his head, as he was losing his money as well as his own, and gave him instructions how to hit the pins—I staid till the end of the play—at the last game, which was a 2l. game, Collins said, "You have only staked but 1l."—he said, "Yes, I have staked two"—Collins said, "No, you have got the other in that pocket;" he felt, and said he had only got a farthing about him, and then they said it was all right, they had found it—when he had no more money, they walked out—I asked 'Barker what he had lost; he said 3l.—I told him to give the parties in custody, and took them—before we got to the bar, Mulloney said to Ridgeley, "You had better return him his money back"—Ridgeley did not seem to take any notice of that—a mug means a fiat, or foolish chap—as we were going to the station, at the corner of Sun-street, I heard something like money drop, and these two coins were picked up; they were much brighter and cleaner than they are now—they had the appearance of a sovereign, especially by gaslight—they were found close by Mulloney, and right against one of the gulley-holes—I searched Mulloney, and found on him this chain and tin tobacco-box, which be wore as a watch, this book, and 2s. 6d.—I did not search Collins or Ridgeley.

COURT. Q. How often had you seen Ridgeley before? A. Perhaps two or three times in a month; he has known me for years, we are both natives of one town—I do not know the other two prisoners, but I have seen them about—I should say Ridgeley certainly must have seen me; I sat in a stooping position, with my elbow on the table, smoking a cigar—he did not nod to me—I was there, I should say, an hour—I was in the same place all the time—he is an Essex man; he knew I was in the police.





HENRY FINNIS
 (City-policeman, 633). On the night of 20th August, I took Collins at the Sun—I took him to the station, searched him, and found three sixpences, a halfpenny, and this counterfeit coin (produced); it is not a bad sovereign, but it resembles a sovereign—it was brighter than it is now—I found Ridgeley and Barker at the station—I heard Ridgeley say to Barker, "What more do you want than your money?"—he made no reply to that—I have no reason to believe that Barker had had bis money back at that time—Mulloney was there; the sergeant asked him his address; he said he lived at 33, Church-street, Shoreditch; that did not prove to be his real address—I found it was 17, Pepper-street, Southwark—that is not near Church-street, it is two miles from it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is there anybody here to prove that he did not live in Church-street? A. No; I have not got anybody here from Pepper-street to prove that he lived there—I went to one place and did not hear of him, and went to another place and did.





JOHN MARSHALL
 (City-policeman, 622). I took Ridgeley to the station, searched him, and found on him two sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, four half crowns, 4s., and 11 1/2 d., in copper, all good; and a pocket book, in which there were only a few directions.


Cross-examined by
MR. BIRTON. Q. Ridgeley gave you his address, and you went and found it correct? A. Yes; I saw bis wife there—I do not know what family he has got—I believe he has a large family living there.





JOHN WATSON
 (City-policeman, 651). I saw the prisoners in custody—I heard money fall, turned my light on, and found a counterfeit sovereign lying by the side of the sink grating—I saw Ridgeley's hand thrown out at the time it fell, and it lay about a foot from the edge of the pavement, near the sink—Barker picked it up, and gave it to Towsey, who gave it to me; I produce it—it bad the appearance of a sovereign, and was very bright.





DANIEL BARKER

re-examined. The 3l. I lost was two sovereigns, and two half sovereigns—I lost 8s. besides, two half crowns, and I think 3s.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. When you say you had 8s. in silver, do you include the 7s. 6d. you had won? A. No; I had more than that when I left home, and when I went into the Sun.

COURT. Q. Tell me what you bad when you left home? A. Two sovereigns, two half sovereigns, 5s., (2 half crowns,) and I am not positive, but I think the other was 3 shillings.

COURT
to
JOHN WARD. Q. You said you observed on the pinch of the game, the last game of the set, that they were set close when Ridgeley was playing, and when Barker was playing they were set wide, just tell me more accurately who set them? A. Collins and another one with him, who I do not know—I noticed that particularly in the two last games, the 1l. game and the 2l. game—they were playing when I went in, and Barker won—there are plates for the skittles to stand on, and by turning them a little it makes about two inches difference in each pin, and by turning them again it brings them closer; I observed that at the time.

Isaac Senior, cabinet maker, of 10, Sussex-street, Clerkenwell, gave Ridgeley a good character; Collins also received a'good character.


MULLONEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

RIDGELEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 43.

COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.
(Daniel May and Joseph Ward, police officers, deposed to Ridgeley being a regular skittle sharper, and to Mulloney being an associate of Downes See Surrey Cases).

MULLONEY COLLINS


RIDGELEY—



Transported for Seven Years.






Confined Twelve Months.

