





1062. 




GEORGE SMITH,



 SUSAN SMITH
, and 




ROSINA CHURCHILL
, were indicted for

 a robbery on 




John William Thompson, and stealing from his person, 1 watchguard, 1 chain, and 1 seal, value 27d.; his property.


MR. GIFFARD
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am a shoemaker of No. 5, Harvey's buildings, Strand. On 26tb Sept., between 1 and 2 o'clock in the morning, I was on my way home—I had been drinking—several persons accosted me on my way home—I met two females in Maiden-lane, they asked me to go home with them, which I declined—I am not able to say who they were—they forced me down on my back, put their hands over my mouth, and some male person came up to rob me—they broke the ring and glass of my watch, and I lost my silver guard, and a steel chain intermingled with gold, about three inches long—I held my watch tight in my pocket—I kicked, and called, "Police!" the police came and took them into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. REED. Q. Where had you been? A. To a friend's house in St. Martin's-lane; I was not intoxicated: it was a drinking party, there were only three of us; there was no smoking going on—I have not told anybody before that I held my watch; I kept quiet from everybody, because I did not want my friends to know—I spoke to nobody between my friend's and my own house—I did not speak to some women when I came out of the house, they spoke to me, and I told them I was going borne—I did not stand still, I passed on—they passed by my side, I did not look at them—the gold chain was attached to a small swivel fastened to my buttonhole, which was broken; it was not round my neck, it was a demi guard Maiden lane is a thoroughfare, and is a short cut from St. Martin's lane to my house—it is not the principal thoroughfare, you can go by Chandos-street

—as far as I can judge, I met a great many people between St. Martin's-lane and my house; I met as many one part of the way as the other—I am certain I said nothing to the women, I only told them I had nothing to say to them, and that I was going home.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOYLE. Q. Willyouventure to tell the Jury you were not decidedly drunk? A. I was intoxicated—I only remember part of what happened to me, because I was rather intoxicated—I know nothing of the prisoners—I was pushed down when I was unawares.

MR. GIFFARD. Q. At the time you were knocked down, didyousee a great many people about? A. No; it was very dark there—I was on the paved part of the street—I could have turned down opposite Coutta's bank, but I went round by the houses—I came all along Maiden-lane out of my way—I cannot tell how I came to do that.





WILLIAM PIKE
 (policeman, F 73). At a quarter before 2 o'clock on this morning, I was on duty in Tavistock-street, Covent-garden—I heard a cry of "Police!" in Maiden-lane; went there, and saw the three prisoners on Thompson, who was lying on the pavement, and was still crying, "Police!" when I got up to him—it was a stifling cry, as if some one bad their hand over his mouth—when I got about three or four yards from them they got up and ran away; I took the two females, and the man ran away—I pursued the females forty or fifty yards, but never lost sight of them—I took them to the station, and just as I went in the male prisoner was brought in by sergeant Humphreys—none of the prisoners appeared to be drunk—I went back to the spot about ten minutes afterwards with Serjeant Thomas, and saw him pick up part of a gold chain, and a seal, from the pavement.

Cross-examined by Mr. DOTLI. Q. What part of Maiden-lane was it? A. Within two or three yards of Southampton-street, on this side of the posts—Maiden-lane is a great thoroughfare; there are generally plenty of people there of a night—one policeman is not confined to Maiden-lane, but it is on his beat—Thompson was the worse (or drink, but he could walk very well; he was steady on his feet—the prisoners were able to run very well.

COURT. Q. You say Maiden-lane is much frequented by night? A. Yes; this was a quarter before 2 o'clock in the morning—I saw nobody but the prisoners—I saw nobody passing through Maiden-lane—I never lost sight of the women till I took them—I lost sight of the man when be turned the corner of Maiden-lane, end went down a court towards the Strand, about half way down—the police station is in Bow-street.





GEORGE HUMPHREYS
 (police sergeant, F 2). I was in the west end of Maiden-lane on 26th Sept., about 2 o'clock in the morning, and heard a stifled cry of "Police 1"—I ran towards it, and before I got up saw several persona on the ground—I saw the male prisoner get up and run away down Bull Ian-court, pursued by the prosecutor; he ran into the Strand, and down Salisbury-street—I followed him—there is a flight of steps leading to the water, at the end of Salisbury-street, which are closed up at night—I overtook him at the river end of Salisbury-street, and with the assistance of two other eon-stables brought him back to Maiden-lane—I was on his heels all the time, and never lost sight of him from the time he rose from the ground—I sound Thompson in Maiden-lane—he said he had been robbed of two chains, a seal, and I think he said a key; the ring of his watch appeared to have been wrenched off, and the glass was broken.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOYLE. Q. Where were you when you heard the cry of "Police?" A. By the Cyder-cellars, in Maiden-lane—Bull Inn-court

is a thoroughfare into the Strand from Maiden-lane—Salisbury-street is very nearly opposite Bull Inn-court—the Cyder-cellars are fifty or sixty paces from where this occurred; I could see from one place to the other—there is a lamp in the middle of the court, which shines on the place, so that I could see the figures; but the spot is not well lighted.

Cross-examined by
MR. REED. Q. There were three policemen when you came up to the man 1 A. There were two with me—the spot where I came up to him was 500 or 600 yards from where the occurrence took place—one of the other policemen was on duty in Maiden-lane, and the other in Salis-bury-street—one was behind me; I had just met him in Exchange-court, which opens into Maiden-lane, and J called to him to follow me; he was not actually in Maiden-lane at the moment; he was not above four or five yards from me, and could have heard quite as well as me—he is not here.

MR. GIFFARD. Q. Do you know whether the entertainment at the Cyder-cellars was over at that time? A. I do not think it was—there was no one in the street, except the persons on the ground; I could not distinguish their faces, but their figures I could—the Cyder-cellars are kept open till 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning, but the doors are shut.

MR. DOYLE. Q. Do you know whether they were closed? A. They are usually closed between 12 and 1 o'clock, but they will admit persons who knock—persons are constantly going in and out at that time—it is, in point of fact, an hotel, persons lodge there—a person coming along Tavistock-street could not see what happened till they got to the corner, but they could hear the cry I heard.





WILLIAM THOMAS
 (police sergeant, F 17). I live at Bow-street station. About a quarter before 2 o'clock, on the morning of 26th Sept., the prisoners were brought to the station, and in consequence of a communication made to me by Pike I went with him to Maiden-lane—he pointed out a spot to me, within two or three yards of which J found a seal, part of a gold chain, and a key made of steel and gold (produced.)





JOHN WILLIAM THOMPSON

re-examined. These articles are my property—a silver Albert guard, nine or ten inches long, with a small key attached to it, is still missing.

MR. DOTLE
called






JOHN PEARCE
. I am a greengrocer and general dealer. J have known George Smith for the last six months; he has been in my employment—I always found his character very honest; I have entrusted him with money—I do not know whether he was at work on 26th Sept., but the last day, Sunday, he was at work with me till 8 o'clock, and he was taken next morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Then the 26th was Sunday night? A. Sunday night was the last night be worked for me—I have known him by sight, it might be, for the last year or so, but never took notice of him—I cannot say where he was from Oct., 1851, to 1852, because I have no scholarship—I have heard something about his being in the House of Correction during that time.

COURT. Q. What do you mean by coming here to swear that as far as you have known he has borne a good character? A. While he was with me; I have got my bills in my pocket, to show that I have been paying a good deal of money away.

MR. GIFFARD. Q. Did you ever hear that he has been convicted of robbery? A. I never did.
(Policeman F 37 stated that George Smith was convicted, on his own confession, of picking pockets, in 1848, and confined three months; that he received



sentence of twelve months in Oct., 1851, for cutting and wounding the police; and was in custody in July, 1851, for assaulting a woman, and was discharged,)

GEORGE SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

SUSAN SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

CHURCHILL



GUILTY
. Aged 18.






Confined Twelve Months.

(The
COURT
ordered the witness Pearce to be detained; and afterwards, at the rising of the Court, admonished and discharged him.)
