




1127. 




JOHN MAHONEY
 and 



JOHN BRYAN



, stealing 1 purse, value 2s.; 1 half-crown, and 3 sixpences; the property of 



Emma Draper, from her person: another COUNT, charging Bryan with receiving; Mahoney having been before convicted.







EMMA DRAPER
. I am cook, at Bayham-terrace, Camden-town. On 15th April Mahoney came up to me in Mornington-place, with a basket of oranges—there was another boy a few steps before me—I said I did not want any—I felt a tog at my gown; a girl told me something; I turned round, and laid hold of Mahoney—I missed my purse, with a half-crown and three sixpences in it—it was safe twenty-five minutes before, when I was in a shop—I charged Mahoney with having it; he said he had not got it—he was taken to the station—this is my purse (produced).





EMMA GARDEN
. I was in Mornington-place, and saw Mahoney go up to the prosecutrix with a basket of oranges, put his hand into her pocket, take out this purse, and slip it into another boy's hand, who ran away—I never saw him again—it was not Bryan—Mr. Tibbey afterwards brought Bryan to us, who gave the purse to Mr. Basham.





GEORGE BASHAM
. I saw Bryan brought up by Tibbey, and said I was sorry to see a decent boy like him live by that kind of life, and asked him to give me the purse; he declared for several minutes he had not got it, but afterwards he gave it to me—this is it—he said he found it behind a lamp-post.





THOMAS TIBBEY
. I was in my cart, and saw Bryan changing jackets with another boy—I followed him to the top of Stanhope-street, jumped out, and laid hold of him—he said he had not done anything—I gave him to Basham.

Bryan's Defence. I was with a person who picked up the purse. HENRY BINOHAM (policeman). I produce a certificate—(read—Clerkenwell—John Mahoney, convicted Oct. 1849—confined six months)—I was present—Mahoney is the boy.

MAHONEY—


GUILTY

of stealing. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BRYAN—


GUILTY

of receiving. Aged 16.—



Confined Twelve Months.

