



160. 




THOMAS BURTON



, breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Henry Jones, and stealing 3 ozs. weight of tobacco, value 1s.; 1 penny, 40 halfpence, and 4 farthings; his property.






CAROLINE JONES
. I am the wife of Henry Jones; we live at Uxbridge Moor—my husband rents the house; he is a grocer and baker. On Christmas-day, between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon, I and my husband left the house—it was fastened up, and no one was in it—the windows were fast, and the door—I returned about 9 o'clock—I found our casement window open—it had been fastened with a little bolt—I had lost some tobacco out of a jar, and some coppers out of the till—I thought there was about 2s. in coppers—I have seen the tobacco since, this is it—and there was one particular halfpenny among the coppers that I know, this is it—the day before I gave to a little girl 6d. worth of halfpence, and she brought this one back, and said it was bad—that called my attention to it—I can swear to this being in the till.





MARY ANN WOODLEY
. I am the wife of Henry Woodley. On Christmas night, in consequence of what was told me, I was watching in front of Mrs. Jones's door, about 8 o'clock—I heard some one coming from the back, and when I looked I saw the prisoner coming from the back of the premises—I knew him—he said to me, "Halloo! Mrs. Woodley"—he went to a beer house—I followed him there.





GEORGE WOODLEY
. I live at Uxbridge Moor, and keep a beershop. On Christmas evening somebody told me something, and I went to Jones's house—I heard some one in the shop, and either the till going or the scales, I could not exactly tell what it was—I tried the door, and it was fastened—I went to the back of the premises, and heard some one run up the garden and out the back way—I did not see any person—I went to the beershop, and the prisoner was there—I knew him before—I kept him there, and sent for Jones—I accused the prisoner of having been in Jones's house—he said he had not—I told him I had strong suspicion that he had, and I should detain him till Jones came—I had a ladder on my back premises half an hour before, and after I heard what my sister said the ladder was gone.





CHARLES BARRETT
. I live at Uxbridge Moor. On Christmas night, about 8 o'clock, I was coming along—I saw the prisoner come the back way out of Jones's house; he went to Woodley's beershop—I went to the back of the premises with the policeman, and found the mark of a ladder against the wall towards the window; it leaned against the wall close under the window, and there were footsteps—the policeman went and fetched the prisoner out of the beerhouse; he took his shoe off, and scraped the dirt from it, and put it down by the side of the marks—it was exactly alike in the nails, and we measured the length of them.





EDWARD TOMLINSON
. I live at Uxbridge Moor. I heard of this robbery, and I went to a dunghill near to where the prisoner lives, behind Woodley's—I found some tobacco and some halfpence in the dunghill, concealed under

the dung—part of it was removed—I gave the halfpence to the policeman, and the tobacco to Mr. Woodley.





ALFRED AMBROSE LINDSEY
 (policeman, T 102). On Christmas evening I apprehended the prisoner in Woodley's beershop—I took his shoe off, and took the mud off it, and made an impression on the ground by the side of the Other footmarks; they corresponded exactly.





CAROLINE JONES
 (re-examined). Q. Which window did you find open? A. My bedroom window, on the first floor back, and the door was fast.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





RICHARD ROADKNIGHT
 (police sergeant, T 11). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction (read—Convicted at this Court, on 8th April, 1850, for stealing two loaves of bread; confined eight days and whipped)—the prisoner is the person.


GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(He had been seven times summarily convicted.)
