




846. 




JOHN TAYLOR
 and 




RICHARD NEENAN



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; the goods of 



William Henry Melville, from his person: to which TAYLOR pleaded





GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined Six Months.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HENRY MELVILLE
. I have chambers in Lincoln's Inn. I was passing London-bridge with a friend on 18th July, about 10 minutes past 10 o'clock; we came from Greenwich by the quarter before 10 o'clock train—I was spoken to by Legge—I felt my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone—this is it (produced)—I first saw it again in the hands of the officer Knight—I know I bad it in the railway carriage about a quarter of an hour before—I saw Taylor; I did not see Neenan till I was at the Mansion-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Were there other persons there when Taylor was taken? A. Yes





GEORGE LEGG
 (City policeman, 440). At a quarter past 10 o'clock on the night of 18th July, I was with Knight, coming from the Borough towards the City—I saw both the prisoners on London Bridge when we had just come from the railway station—I believe I had seen the prisoner before—I saw Taylor put his hand in a gentleman's pocket, and Neenan was close behind him—I then saw Taylor put his hand in another gentleman's pocket—I cannot say whether he took anything—I then saw Taylor go to Mr. Melville and put his hand in his pocket and take a handkerchief, and Neenan was close behind him—I was a yard or two from Mr. Melville when I saw Taylor draw the handkerchief—I caught him, and he at once threw the handkerchief to Neenan

—I kept Taylor in custody, and followed Mr. Melville—I asked him if he had lost anything—he felt in his pocket, and said he had lost his handkerchief—he said, "Where is it?"—I said, "My brother officer has it"—I walked back with Mr. Melville, and saw Knight on the pavement in a gore of blood; I took this handkerchief from him—I have not the least doubt that Neenan is the man I saw with Taylor.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him before? A. I believe I have; I do not know him—I believe I have seen him—the greater part of the time we were following the prisoners their backs were towards me—they turned occasionally—I believe I saw Neenan once after that night, before he was in custody—I looked over a lodging-house in Mint-street, and recognised his face at once—that was three or four hours before he was taken—I did not take him as I was not quite certain as to him—he was in bed, partly covered over; I only saw part of his face—I believe that was the same house in which he was afterwards taken—I searched several houses—I only know that it was that house from what I heard—I saw a man like Neenan—he was in bed, half covered over—I did not turn the clothes down—I saw part of his face—I had nothing to do with taking him.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You said the prisoners were going over the bridge? A. Yes; one was at work—the other turned round, that was Neenan—I went in the lodging-house between 6 and 7 o'clock in the morning—an officer named Johnson was with me.





JOSEPH COMBER KNIGHT
 (City policeman). I was with Legge on the night of 18th July—I saw both the prisoners on the bridge—I knew them by sight—I saw them together once, about three months before—I saw Taylor try a gentleman's pocket—I could not say whether he took anything or not—the prisoners then turned back towards the Borough—they passed us, and came right by us—they then turned again, and Taylor felt another gentleman's pocket—after that they closed on to Mr. Melville and another—Legge was in front of me—I saw Taylor pass a handkerchief to Neenan; Neenan caught it—I caught him, and he threw it to the ground—I stooped to pick it up, and Neenan caught it to throw it over the wall of the bridge—I pulled him down with my right hand, by the collar of his jacket—he said, "I have nothing to do with it; let me go"—two gentlemen then came up, and one of them said, "This man has nothing to do with it, let him go"—I told them I was an officer, I knew what I was about—Neenan said, "You b—r, if you don't let me go I will kick you to pieces"—one of the gentlemen said, "That is right"—one of them then caught me by the left arm, and said, Why don't you let the man go? they have got the thief yonder"—I turned to speak to him, to beg him not to interfere, and I received from Neenan a violent blow on my lip, which cut my lip open—I defended myself as well as I could—he struck and kicked me several times but did not hurt me—he then caught me by the waist, threw me down, and fell on me—my head fell on the kerb and was cut open—we were then on our legs, struggling together for I should say a minute, and that is the last I recollect—whether I fell again from his striking me, or from loss of blood, I could not say—my impression is that he threw me—I felt a great deal of pain in my right shoulder for several days—I remember being raised from the ground by the other officer—I was taken to the hospital, and have since been attended by Mr. Child—I have not the least doubt that Neenan is the man.

Cross-examined Q. Had you seen him before? A. I had seen him once, about three months before—I was with the other officer from the commencement till he left me with Taylor—the next time I saw Neenan he in custody.






JOHN DELANEY
 (policeman, M 33). I apprehended Neenan on the morning of 19th July—he was in a common lodging-house in Mint-street, Borough—I went in, and said to him, Dicky, I want you, for being concerned, with another in custody, for robbing a gentleman of his handkerchief last night, and assaulting a City officer"—he said, "I will go with you; I know nothing about it"—I had known him for years before—I saw him on the evening of 18th July, at very near 8 o'clock—he and Taylor were together at the Regatta at Bank-side; they were going towards London-bridge—he had a strong cord jacket and trowsers, and a cloth cap—I knew Taylor.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see them? A. Between Blackfriars and Southwark-bridge—Neenan did not say he had not been on London-bridge—I took him to the station in Seething-lane, and Knight was sent for, and identified him.

NEENAN—


GUILTY
. † Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

