




844. 




FREDERICK BASSET
 and 




GEORGE BURDON



, breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Thomas Capps, stealing 1 metal cock, and 2lb. of lead pipe, value 1s. 6d.; being fixed.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






PHILIP CAPON
 (City-policeman, 71). On Saturday night, 2nd July, I received information, and went to Mr. Capp's warehouse in Moor-lane, about 20 minutes past 11 o'clock—I heard something inside like persons moving—I sent for assistance, and two officers came—I placed one of them in front, and the other at the back of the premises—I went to the lower door which is down the steps in a sort of area—the door was nailed and fastened inside, shored up with a piece of wood—I partly forced the door open, and heard the sound of persons going up the first flight of stairs—I examined the lower room, and then went up stairs to the first floor; I saw the two prisoners go up the next flight of stairs, from the first to the second floor—I looked about the first floor, and then went up to the second floor—when I got there I saw the prisoners, one of them threw up the window, and they both went out—I afterwards examined the door in the area—I found it had been forced open—it had been nailed, and the nails were broken down—there was in the warehouse a quantity of lead pipe fitted to the gas, and to the water cock—it appeared to me as if a piece had been broken off the water pipe—I produce this piece of lead pipe which I had given to me by Mr. Ewar on the Monday—I did not find it—I examined the place again on the Tuesday, and found this piece corresponded with the part that had been broken.

Cross-examined by
MR. CARTER. Q. Did you see this piece on the Saturday night? A. No; I found this had been severed from the piece that remained—there were some gas pipes and brass cocks fitted up in the wall which were not disturbed—I did not see either of the prisoners in possession of this piece—they were in custody on the Tuesday, when I made the search—I saw them open the window, and escape—the warehouse had lead and taps in it which were fixtures, but no stock of any kind—it had been sold off—when I got to the warehouse I heard persons walk on the floors—there are hot several empty houses about there—I did not find any place open, or any window—there was no hole in the door larger than the keyhole—I did not find any dog on the premises—two dogs entered with me—they were not mine, one belonged to Mr. Ewar, the other to his brother—there was not a dog barking on the premises—I first saw the dogs in the lane, at the cor-

ner of Ebenezer-place, with Mr. Ewar—I did not try to unlock the door—Mr. Ewar did—the door had been nailed up by Mr. Ewar.
Mr. PAYNE. Q. When you went to the door had the nails been forced? A. Yes; and we were kept out by the door being shored up—I am quite sure the dogs were not in before I got in.





WILLIAM BRERETON
 (City-policeman, 160). I went to the assistance of the last witness—I was placed at the back; I saw the two prisoners come out of the window; Burdon came down, I caught him and gave him to a brother officer—I then caught Bassett, and took him to the station—I saw Capon go into the premises; a couple of dogs went in with him—there were no dogs in the premises before he got in.





GEORGE EWAR
. I am a fancy box maker, I live in Ebenezer-place. I received orders to look to Mr. Capp's warehouse—on Saturday evening, 2nd July, I heard something—I went to the premises, and saw two men in the lower shop which is below the ground—the first steps lead from there to the ground floor, and then there are steps-leading to the first floor—I saw the persons in the lower floor—I do not re-cognise them—I went for the key—when I came back the policeman was there—I tried to unlock the door, but was not able to do so—I got in by forcing the bottom of the door—the policeman went in with me—I had one dog who followed me in—I cannot say whether I saw any other dog there—I went upstairs with the policeman—I saw one person getting out of the window; I do not know who it was—one had got out—after the prisoners were taken and locked up, the inspector and I looked over the premises—we saw the pipe had been broken off, but could not find the piece—on the Monday morning I went there with Mr. Richards, and we stopped up the water pipe, because the water was running away—he pointed out this pipe, and I picked it up—it was a little way from under the stain—I had fastened up the premises on the Saturday, at dinner time; and after the prisoners were gone I just put the door up as well as I could—I had not seen this piece of lead on the Saturday night—we might have overlooked it in the dark.

Cross-examined. Q. When you first saw the prisoners where were they? A. In the cellar floor; when I got the key I could not unlock the door, it was fastened—I had nailed it up—I did not expect to unlock the nails—I did not look to see if there was any other door or window open—we forced open the door—I think it had been opened before—it was barricaded up—it had been off its hinges in the daytime—I had not nailed it up on both sides, but where the hinges were—I locked it on the other side with the key—there was not a hole in that door large enough for a dog to enter—I saw two dogs just as we broke in—I cannot say whether they were in there before—one of them belonged to me, and he followed me in—I saw the other after we had been in a little while; I found it inside—I looked about on the Saturday night, and saw the pipe had been severed, but did not see this piece of pipe—I looked over the premises, and found nothing missing—the premises were empty, except the gas fittings—they bad not been sold—I did not think anything had been disturbed—that was the only door I had nailed on the Saturday—I nailed it inside—I got out at another door—I did not hear a dog barking on the premises—I could hear people moving about—I looked through a broken window and saw them—I had known Bassett; he keeps a dog—Bassett had worked for me till within three weeks—he knew of the sale.

MR. PAYNE. Q. When you found the door with the nails forced, who went in first, you, or the policeman? A. I did, and my dog went in with me—the policeman was behind me.






GEORGE RICHARDS
. I am traveller to Mr. Thomas Capps, of No. 21, Leadenhall-street. On Saturday, 2nd July, I went into his premises in Moor-lane, between 10 and 2 o'clock; I stayed there about three quarters of an hour—I asked Mr. Ewar to nail the doors, and he said he placed a piece of wood inside, and nailed them up—I was outside, and he was inside—I heard some one nailing the doors—that fastened them—he went out at a private door in connection with his own house—on the Monday following, I went there as usual to collect the rents, between 10 and 12 o'clock—I heard some water running in the lower part of the premises—I told Mr. Ewar—I then went into the premises, and found that the pipe had been broken—I found this piece of pipe just by the staircase, from two to three yards from the place where it had been broken off—it corresponded with the place where it had been cut—it was in a position where it might have been dropped by a person going up stairs—there were gas fittings and pipe there which had not been disturbed.

Cross-examined, Q. And there were bricks and rubbish? A. I did not notice any; there was some dirt—the premises had been broken open, but the doors and windows were closed—no one was on the premises—there was no breaking on these doors, but on a door going to Mr. Ewar's premises there was the appearance as if a person had forced a way from the warehouse to Mr. Ewar's—that was not the door which had been broken—the socket that held the bolt had been forced away—the running water first took my attention.

BASSETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Twelve Months.


BURDON—


GUILTY
.** Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

