



1791. 




ANTONIO MOLTINI



, feloniously making and engraving part of an order for the payment of sixty lire, with interest thereon, purporting to be part of the order of 



Francis Joseph, Emperor of Austria.






MR. SOLICITOR GENERAL, MR. BODKIN
. and
MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






LAURENCE LEE
. I am a lithographer and engraver, at 245, High Hol-born; the business is partly mine, and partly my father's. On Monday, 2nd Sept., the prisoner came to our house—he spoke to me in English—he showed me one of these notes, and asked me what I would do 3,000 of them for—this (produced) is one that he produced to me—I replied that they would be 2l. 15s.; and then observing a water-mark, I asked if he wished to have that done—he said, "Yes"—I said that would be 10s. more—they were to be lithographed, and to be an exact copy—when I said it would cost 10s. more, he said he did not care much about that; if we would do them at a reasonable price, he did not want to bate us down, but he wanted them done as reasonably as possible—there are two impressions on the note, made with dies; the prisoner asked me what we would engrave those two stamps for—I said I would tell him next time he called—I told him I should require a deposit—he said he was not prepared then, but he would call next morning with it—I am not certain whether the first time he came he explained the nature of the notes, but he did either the first or second time—he came next day and gave me a sovereign—he then said it was a ticket by which miners or labourers could get anything they wished in the shape of provisions or clothing, and that they were paid by the proprietors of the land—I do not understand the Italian language—he asked when he could see a proof of them—I said in two or three days—he did not give me any name, he said he lived in Brook-street; that is near our house—he mentioned the house in Brook-street, but I forget it—when he came the second time I told him the dies would be a sovereign each—he seemed to think it rather high, and said he would see himself about it—I told him he would probably find somebody in Clerkenwell that would do it for him—I began the work—during the progress of it the prisoner called almost every day during the week, he saw it in progress, and seemed very well satisfied as far as we had gone; he repeated the injunction which he gave us first, to do them well—I communicated with my father on the subject on 3rd Sept., the morning after the prisoner came—

after he had called several times and seen the work in progress, he produced to me this other note (looking at one for 60-lire)—I believe that was on the Thursday; I am not exactly certain of the day, it was about a week after he first came—I had previously shown him a proof of the 5-lire note, as far as it had gone—when he produced this 60-lire note, he asked what would be the price for 1,000 of them printed back and front—I said they would be 5l. 10s. with the water-mark—he agreed to give that—he did not give any description of that note to me—I did not require a further deposit on that new order; he gave me another sovereign on the old one—he afterwards called to see a perfect proof of the first note—that was on Tuesday, the 10th; he examined it, and said it would do very nicely—he wished me to get on with the other as fast as possible, as he was going out of town on the Sunday—I understood him to say he was going to Birmingham, but I am not very certain about that; it was promised on the Saturday—I have not got the proof I showed him of the first note—this (produced) is a proof of part of the second note that I showed him—he expressed himself satisfied as far as it had gone, and wished it finished, and he would come on the Sunday to see a proof, as he had to go out of town; this is a finished proof—it is a proof from a lithographic stone which I made in pursuance of his directions—I promised that the 3,000 of the first notes should be done on Thursday—he said be would call, but he did not—he came on the Saturday, about eleven o'clock in the morning—he said he had called for the labels which he had ordered—I do not know whether he used the term "labels" or "tickets," but I rather think it was "labels," as he had called them labels before—I said they were ready, and I would fetch them—I went up stairs and brought down a packet containing the 3,000 of the first notes, and delivered them to the prisoner—he opened the parcel and examined the notes—he said some of them were a little pale—he paid me a balance of 1l. 5s.; he had paid me 2l. before—he took away the 3,000 notes with him in the packet I had given him—before he left he saw a proof of the 60-lire note; he had seen it before, partly finished—he expressed himself satisfied, and said he would call the next day—at that time I was aware that Forrester, the officer, was in waiting in the neighbourhood—I believe my father had been in communication with Forrester on Tuesday, 3rd Sept.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did you first see Forrester? A. I do not think I saw him till the day the prisoner was taken, or the day before—I did not myself see any one on the subject of this engraving except the prisoner—I gave it into my father's hands, and he saw about it himself—nobody had come to our place of business on the subject of what we were doing at any time before 2nd Sept.—the first intimation of any desire to engrave or make any ticket or label I received on 2nd Sept.—nobody that I am aware of had been at our house before that—nobody came I think for about a week, when some person came to see the prisoner, some one connected with the officers; it might have been a week or ten days—I believe it was Mr. Goddard—nobody else came that I recollect—I believe Goddard did not see the prisoner at that time, but he saw him afterwards—I was not at home then—the first intimation I received on the subject of any engraving of this kind was on 2nd Sept., and the prisoner was the first person I saw—I saw no foreign gentleman, nor any one else—I have never seen any foreign gentleman about it.

MR. SOLICITOR-GENERAL. Q. What did Goddard come for? A. The first time he came to identify the prisoner if he saw him.





GEORGE LAURENCE LEE
. I am the father of the last witness, and carry on

business with him as a lithographer and engraver at 245, High Holborn—my son made a communication to me with respect to a note of this description (looking at the five-lire note)—that was some time on Tuesday, 3rd Sept.—he showed me this note, and left it with me—I made some inquiries, and afterwards got an Italian dictionary—I do not understand Italian—I made use of the dictionary and translated it—I afterwards put myself in communication with Forrester; I saw him at the Mansion-house—I first saw the prisoner about the Thursday or Friday, the 5th or 6th, at our house—I then had a proof of this five-lire note; I showed it to him; he said it would do very well—I understood him to say at that time that it was a miner's ticket, and that it was given in lieu of money for provisions or clothing—one of the impressions was lying in the shop-window—he said he did not wish it exposed, that some of his countrymen might come in and notice them—I saw him again one day in the beginning of the next week—at that time he brought the sixty-lire note, and gave it me to do; I was to lithograph it—he said it was to be exactly like this—I am not aware how many he ordered—my son was present—the prisoner subsequently said they were lottery-tickets—he said he did not wish them to be seen—he said he would be a good customer if I did this to time—a lithograph of this was made in my establishment.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You say you saw Forrester at the Mansion-house? A. Yes; I had not seen him previously; I am quite sure about that, or any one from him—I had had no communication from him of any kind—I went there of my own accord—it was not Forrester who found me out; I am certain of that—I found Forrester out, not Forrester me—I made the first communication on this subject to the officer—I had received no communication from anybody previously—no inquiry was made of me—I never had a matter of this kind to do before—I lithograph documents of this kind.

COURT. Q. Is the water-mark you speak of, the waving line on the pink ground? A. No; if you hold it up, you will see it—I do not wish to tell how it is done—it is not exactly in the line of a lithographer—this is the original he gave me—that has a real water-mark, the other is not a real one.





JOHN FORRESTER
. I am a police-officer of the City of London. I received a communication from Mr. Lee I think on 4th Sept.—he came to the Mansion-house to me, and made a communication to me, and that communication] I made to Mr. Bush—I employed Goddard—he went with me on the morning of the 14th—I was not aware of his going to Mr. Lee's in the interval—he went with me on the morning of the 14th, and we saw the prisoner a little before ten o'clock—he went into Mr. Lee's house, and stopped there I think about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—he then came out with this parcel—I followed him down Holborn into Warwick-court, and then took him into custody, and took the parcel from him—I took him to Bow-street station—when I got him there, I undid the parcel before him, and told him that they appeared like the parts of an Austrian note—he said that all he knew was that a gentleman in France had given him an order to get these things done, and he supposed them to be lottery-tickets—that was all that passed between us—I afterwards went to his house—he gave his address at the station—it was 13, Little Brook-street, Holborn, the George public-house—I went there, and in his room I found this passport (produced) and other papers—there are two or three letters addressed to him by his name—I also found two more of these Austrian notes—(These were stated to be genuine notes of sixteen and thirty lire.)

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I understand. from your evidence

that the first intimation on this subject that came to your knowledge, was at the Mansion-house? A. Yes, from the elder Mr. Lee: I think that was on 4th Sept.—I had no knowledge that anything of this sort was in progress before Mr. Lee called on me—the communication I received was from Mr. Lee the elder—it was not a communication made to the Magistrate at the Mansion-house; it was a private communication to me—I knew Mr. Lee before—the first time I knew him was, I think, two years ago—I had never put him in motion, or he me on the subject matter of such a transaction as this, before I saw him on 4th Sept.—I became acquainted with him by some persons who were convicted here, going to his house to buy some stones for printing notes—that was in a Russian ease, and he was a witness in the ease—I think it was about two years ago; it was the case of Friedeburgh, I think—Mr. Lee had not given any information on that occasion; I think the information went to Mr. Peachey—I think Lee was the person that made the communication—I did not take any advice of any of the authorities at the Mansion-house before I proceeded to Mr. Bush—I went to Leadbetter first—he has something to do with the Austrian Government, and the Commissioners were over here—we talked the case over, and we went to Mr. Bush together—part of the gentlemen who are here now, were in this country at that time—I cannot tell how long they had been here—I only knew of their being here a day or two before 2nd Sept.—I had not seen anything of Mr. Bush on the subject before 4th Sept., nor had Leadbetter, that I am aware of—Leadbetter knew nothing of it till I acquainted him of it—I had not seen the Commissioners before 2nd Sept.; I understood they were at Birmingham on a case there—I did not go to the Austrian Consul; it strikes me that somebody else went, I forget now—I went to Mr. Bush because these gentlemen came, and wished to have advice about it, and that was the reason I went to Mr. Bush with them—I did not have any communication with Mr. Bush until I had seen the Commissioners—I went to Mr. Bush the next morning after receiving the communication from Mr. Lee—I think Mr. Bush was the first person I saw after I had seen Mr. Lee—if you will allow me, I think I can now recollect—there was a person of the name of Netherclift who came to Mr. Bush to give some information about some man—I only know that, because when I went there I saw Mr. Netherclift; he is an engraver—I never saw anybody on the subject of this transaction until 1 saw Mr. Lee, and then I directly went to Mr. Bush.

Q. I want to know, as at that time you had seen nobody, and knew nothing of the transaction, why you went to Mr. Bush? A. Because Mr. Netherclift had been to Mr. Bush the day before—Mr. Bush sent to me to tell me about Netherclift, and then I stated to Mr. Bush that there was another man of the name Lee giving the same information—I had the message from Mr. Bush the day before I saw Mr. Lee.

Q. If you had had a communication with Mr. Bush before, how do you reconcile that with your seeing Mr. Bush for the first time after you had seen Mr. Lee the elder? A. I saw Mr. Bush, but not on Mr. Lee's information at all—Mr. Bush sent for me because Netherclift had come to give some information on the same sort of thing, and when I went the next day I said that Mr. Lee had been—I think it was on the 3rd I was sent for to Mr. Bush—I said I knew that the Commissioners were then in London—I think it was 2nd Sept.—I had not seen Mr. Bush before I knew that the Commissioners were here.

Q. What I want to know is, how it happened that Mr. Bush had anything to do with the matter? A. Because when Leadbetter came we thought we

would advise with him, and he was recommended to the case—when Leadbetter came to me we thought we would advise with the Commissioners, and recommend Mr. Bush to the case—Mr. Bush has these sort of cases, and understands them, and I thought he was a very proper person to advise with—I had no particular reason for going to Mr. Bush, without communicating with my superiors—what I did was for the best—I and Leadbetter and the Commissioners all went together to Mr. Bush to advise with him—I did not see the Commissioners before I went to Mr. Bush—the first time I saw them was on the 5th; I think about two o'clock—they came to the Mansion-house, and then from there to Mr. Bush's—I expected to see them at the Mansion-house through Leadbetter—I think I saw Mr. Bush before I saw the Commissioners: I have not a doubt about it—it was through Nether-clift the thing was mentioned—I went to Mr. Bush the day after Mr. Lee made the communication to me; I do not know what time of the day I went; I think it was in the morning, about twelve o'clock—I did not employ Mr. Bush at that lime—I went to Mr. Bush because he sent to me, because Netherclift had given him the information; and when he had told me that, and Lee gave me the information, I went and told him of the circumstance—I had no communication with any person whatever on the subject of this transaction until Mr. Lee came to me and made a private communication to me at the Mansion-house—I did not have any communication with anybody else until I saw Mr. Bush—it was on the 4th that I had a communication from Mr. Bush, not on this subject—it was perhaps five o'clock; it might be four; I am not sure—I had seen Mr. Lee about twelve in the morning—when I saw Mr. Bush at four or five it was at his own office—I had not had any communication with him before that about any subject of this kind—I went to Mr. Bush because he sent to me when Netherelift was there.

COURT. Q. As I understand, Mr. Bush had something told him by Mr. Netherclift that had something to do with something like this, and then Mr. Bush sent to you? A. Yes—in the meantime I had seen Mr. Lee the elder, and when Mr. Bush told me what Mr. Netherclift had told him, I said that Mr. Lee had been to me about the same thing.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Just let me understand you once more; had you had any communication with either Mr. Bush or Mr. Netherclift until after you had seen Mr. Lee the elder? A. No, I had not—I did not know there was anything of this description with reference to the prisoner, or any other man, until I saw Mr. Lee—I went to Mr. Bush in consequence of a message: I swear that it was a message on the subject of the person who went to give him the information.

Q. You told me a while ago that you and Leadbetter had agreed to recommend Mr. Bush, is that so? A. I do not know about recommending—we took him, because he is a person understanding this particular affair, or things of this sort, and the Commissioners, I, and Leadbetter went over together to consult him—we went over as much as anything because we knew that Mr. Bush knew that Netherclift had been giving some information—it was afterwards that I went with the Commissioners—I went to Mr. Bush in consequence of the message I received; it was not about Mr. Lee—I cannot tell who brought me the message—I did not say just now that I went to Mr. Bush of my own accord: I do not think I said such a thing—I am positive I went to him, because he sent for me in consequence of Mr. Netherclift being there.

MR. SOLICITOR-GENERAL. Q. You have been asked about these Commissioners, what were they here for, do you know? A. They were here, as

I understand, about a case they were prosecuting at Birmingham—I never saw them on that account, but I knew that Leadbetter had to do with the Austrian Government, and I sent to him to come to me directly; and when I knew the Commissioners were here I thought they were proper persons to advise with.





JOHN BUSH
, asq. I am a member of the firm of Bush and Mullens; we are conducting this prosecution. On Monday, 2nd Sept., I received a communication from a person named Netherclift; it had reference to the 5-lire note on the table—I immediately took that note, and communicated with Messrs. Rothschild and Co., who are the bankers of the Austrian Government—they referred me to the Baron Kohler, the Austrian charge d'affairs, and I went to him immediately—I received an appointment to see the Baron Kohler next day—in the interval Forrester came to me and showed me a similar note, different from that which I held—I had sent to Forrester on the Monday evening to say that I wished to see him—he came next day, and brought Lee, senior, with him—he brought with him another note for 5-lire, similar to that which Netherclift gave me the day before—I saw the Baron Kohler next day, and received directly from him, my first instructions to communicate with Mr. Develthensal the Commissioner on this case, from whom I have since received all instructions—Mr. Develthensal is one of the twenty-four principal Commissioners of Police for the Austrian Empire, and he is now in Court—he was here, I believe, on a prosecution at Birmingham.





JAMES SHEPHERD
. I keep the George public-house, in Brook-street, Holborn. I know the prisoner; he was lodging at my house at the time he was taken into custody for this offence—he came there on Sunday, Sept. 1st—I had known him before for twenty years—I knew him in business in Edinburgh, as a glass, barometer, and thermometer-maker—I knew him there till I left, fifteen years ago—he was in business there five, six, or seven years, to my knowledge—I did not know him in business anywhere else—I had not seen him in London till Sept. 1st—I always understood him to be an Italian, but I have no knowledge—I always beard he was an Italian—I hare not heard him say what countryman he was—I did not know him in business in London—I have only lived in Brook-street six months—I recollect Forrester coming to my house; I pointed out to him the room in which the prisoner lodged.





CHARLES GALLIEA
. I am a barometer-maker, and live at 68, Hatton-garden. I have known the prisoner about twenty-five years; he is an Italian—I know he can read writing and printing, but he is not much of a writer—I do not know that he speaks very good English; I have heard him speak English—I knew him when he was in business in London—he was in business in Edinburgh, and he was in partnership with others in London—I knew him in business in London up to about ten years ago—he has been away from England since he gave up business.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How do you know he is an Italian? A. He calls himself an Italian—he says he was born close in the neighbourhood of Como—he has not told me so, but we all know he was born at such a village—I cannot tell you how I know it—he has never told me that he was an Italian, nor where he was born, but I know the place where he was born.

MR. SOLICITOR-GENERAL. Q. Have you ever heard him talk Italian? A. Yes; his language is not Italian; it is the patois of Lombard; he talks that language like others coming from that part.





GUISEPPE GUATZAROLI
. I am a looking-glass manufacturer, at 106,

Hatton-garden. I have known the prisoner nearly twenty-five years—I know him to be an Italian because I know the village where he comes from, it is Copiango, near Como—I have had conversations with him in Italian.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. During that time I suppose you have known nothing against him? A. No; I do not know how long ago it is since he first came to England; I think he was in England before me—I came in 1826—he was then at Manchester—I do not know anything about these notes in Lombardy—I was in Italy last March, and there is this money there—it is two years ago since they began to introduce these notes, since 1848, I believe—there is an objection to taking them, because, I think, we can go into the market and buy them for twenty centisimo less—the Government themselves object to take them; and if they receive them for taxes you must have half in notes, and some persons will not take them—there is a great objection to them among the peasantry, because they are not acquainted with them—they will take them, but I think they would prefer money.

MR. SOLICITOR-GENERAL. Q. But do they circulate? A. I believe so—I cannot say much about it, because I was not there long—I did not take any of them.





PAUL PRETSCH
 (through an interpreter). I am the appointed overseer of the Royal Printing Office at Vienna, which is under the direction of the Imperial Minister of Finance, Baron Grousse—the two notes produced are genuine—they have been printed at the institution to which I belong—these others are not genuine—Montecuccoli, whose signature is to the genuine notes, is the Plenipotentiary of his Imperial Majesty in Italy—his Majesty's Christian names are Francis Joseph.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is there any writing of Montecuccoli's on any of the notes? A. None; it is all printed—the signature is printed at the same time with the other part, at the Imperial Printing Office at Vienna.





GUISEFPE TSCHEIRTSCHER
 (through an interpreter). I am General Paymaster in the Lombardo Venetian Provinces of Austria. His Majesty's title there is King of the Lombardo Venetian Provinces—it is called "The Lonbardo Venetian Kingdom"—it belongs to my functions to issue the paper money of Austria in that country—I receive these notes from the centre administration, or treasury, at Vienna, in order to distribute them afterwards to the other branch treasuries under my direction—it is my duty to know whether notes are genuine or not—these two notes for 5 and 60-lire, are perfectly genuine—I receive them so from Vienna, with the signature of Montecuccoli printed on them—these others are false—the genuine notes are received as ready money, not only by the treasuries, but among the public generally—they are received according to their nominal value, without reduction—if 5 they are received as five, if 60 they are received as sixty—every one is bound to receive these notes instead of the Convention currency or coin—the 60-lire note carries interest with it—the party bringing this note when it is due, receives so much interest on it, which is marked on it, in coin—the 5-lire notes are the lowest of all—these two stamps which are on the note, are printed at the same time, at Vienna—the smaller note has a Vienna stamp, and the large one a Vienna stamp, and likewise a control stamp affixed in Milan, by the Imperial Stamp Office, in order to avoid falsification, and to be a sort of evidence, and to prevent a greater number being put into circulation than is appointed by the Government—there is such a coin as a lire circulating in that country, each lire contains 100 centissimos.


Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. By what law is it that the people of the Lombardo Venetian Kingdom are bound to take these notes? A. By the proclamation of the Emperor issued in March, 1849—the interest on a 60-lire note is paid in coin.





WILLIAM FREDERICK BEKEM
. I am a translator. I have made a translation of this 5-lire note—(read—"1st April, 1849; A Lombardo Venetian Kingdom—5—Treasury note, Five Austrian Lire. The present note of 5-lire is taken in payment as hard cash at the central treasuries, and at all the public treasuries of the Lombardo Venetian Kingdom. The Imperial Commissary Plenipotentiary Montecuceoli"—the 60-lire note is, "Como—Number 113,496—1st April, 1849—D—Lombardo Venetian Kingdom—60—Treasury note—Sixty Austrian Lire. The present note of 60-lire, and the amount of the interest due thereon, at the rate of the indication on the back hereof, are taken in payment as hard cash at the central treasuries, and at all the public treasuries of the Lombardo Venetian Kingdom. At the expiration of one year the interest will be paid in cash at the central treasuries against the issue of a fresh note. Imperial Commissary Plenipotentiary Montecuceoli"—at the back there is a calculation—the words are a beading to a sort of table on the amount of 60-lire—"Interest will be paid, reckoning from 1st April, 1849, at the rate of 1 centessimo for every two days—on the following table is specified the complete amount due as stated"—I believe these (the forgeries) to be to the same effect as the others, except that she 60-lire note has nothing at the back.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Years.

