





823. 




WILLIAM KING
 and 




JAMES PHILLIPS, alias 
RICHARD PALMER




, burglary in the dwelling house of 



Luke Riley, at 
St. Mary Newington, and stealing therein 1 pair of boots, 1 pair of slippers, and 1 sheet, value 14s.; his goods; 2 counterpanes, 10s.; of 



John Hilyard; and 1 shawl, 8s.; of 



Ann Mahony.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD SEWELL
. I am a hatter, of No. 3, Union-terrace, Horsemonger-lane; the back of my house is in a direct line behind Mr. Riley's house, in Horsemonger-lane. On 30th June, about 4 o'clock in the morning, I was looking out of my window, and saw the two prisoners at the back of the house adjoining Mr. Riley's—they came out of a privy, and ascended a wall into the back of Mr. Riley's garden—one disappeared very shortly after he got over the wall—he went towards Mr. Riley's house; the other remained in my sight on something elevated—he was moving about cautiously—one of them handed the other a bundle over the wall from Mr. Riley's garden—I tapped at the window, and they got over the wall and walked deliberately up the garden, a distance of 100 yards, directly opposite my window; I had a full view of his face; one of them then had no shoes—they got into the main street and turned to the right, and as one of them went along I saw a large hole in his stocking; I rather think it was Phillips—I told the prisoner to take off his shoes at the station, and there was a hole in his stocking.





ANN MAHONY
. I am servant to Luke Riley, of No. 3, Montague-place, Horsemonger-lane in the night of 30th June I saw the house fastened—next morning the police came, and showed me a bundle containing these articles (produced)—the slippers and boots are my master's; the counterpane belongs to Mr. Hilyard, who was lodging up stairs—the shawl is mine—they were all in the house the day before.





THOMAS GARDNER
 (police sergeant, M 23). On Wednesday night, 28th June, I saw the prisoners in company in Brunswick-street a few minutes before 12 o'clock, going in a direction of where the robbery was committed, about 200 yards from the house.





GEORGE WILDING
 (policeman, M 276). In consequence of information, I took the prisoner in St. Andrew's-road—King had this pair of boots in his pocket—I asked them where they came from; King said he came from Kent-street—I asked him where he was going, and he said, "To the London-road"—it was about five minutes to 6 o'clock in the morning—I told them the charge; they made no observation—I found the bundle lying on some leads in Mr. Riley's yard—Phillips had a hole in his stocking—I found the back door of the house open, but did not see how it had been opened.





ANN MAHONY

re-examined, I left the back door latched the night before at II o'clock, there was only a latch to it; I am sure it was latched.

KING—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Twelve Months.


PHILLIPS—


GUILTY
. He was further charged with having been before convicted.






THOMAS GARDNER
 (policeman), I produce a certificate—(read: Richard Palmer', convicted at the Surrey Sessions, Oct. 1852, of stealing a handkerchief from the person; confined six months and once privately whipped)—I was present, Phillips is the person.

GUILTY † Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
