



274. 




JOHN DONOVAN



, feloniously stabbing 




George Cox, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. METCALF
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE COX
. I live with my father, in Charles-place, Union-street, Lambeth; lama shoemaker. The prisoner lodged with my father three weeks—on the night of 2nd Jan. the prisoner slept in the same bed with me—I awoke in the morning, and found him over me, stabbing me with a short shoemaker's knife about the body—that awoke me—I straggled with him to try to get the knife from him—after that he stabbed me again; I cannot say how many times, six or seven times after I got up—I subsequently found cuts on my person—the wounds were afterwards examined by a surgeon—this one on my left wrist has done me great injury—I have not been able to work since—this was a very serious wound under my left ear, and this was a serious one in my right ear—much blood came from them—I got thirteen or fourteen wounds altogether—he stabbed me six or seven times before I got off the bed—he held me down with one hand and stabbed me with the other, and after I got out of bed he stabbed me six or seven times more—I ran down stairs, and when I came down my father was there in his shirt—I said, "Father, he will murder me"—I made my way to the door—the prisoner was up stairs when I opened the door, and he got a light and followed me, with a light in one hand and a knife in the other—I had had no quarrel or words with him—the assistant to Mr. Wagstaff, the surgeon, attended to me.

Prisoner. I do not know how to ask him any questions at all, but I want to give a statement; there was no one there but him and I; it is very queer to have him stand his own witness; I do not know how I should ask him any question about it

COURT. Q. Had you had no quarrel with him? A. No; we went to bed quietly, and this was at a little after 5 o'clock in the morning—I am an Englishman, the prisoner is an Irishman—we had had no quarrel about that—I can assure you we had no words at all—I was in the hospital three weeks.

MR. METCALFE. Q. Have you observed in him anything particular? A. No; but when at meals he used to make a murmuring noise; he did not do so at work—we all three worked together.





GEORGE THOMAS COX
. I am the father of the last witness. On the morning of 3rd Jan. my wife awoke me—I got up and saw my son on the step at the bottom of the stairs, covered with blood—I saw the prisoner following my son with a knife in his hand, and a candle—my son said, "Father, father, he has been murdering me!"—I went, met the prisoner, and stopped him—I said, "What have you been doing"—he said, "Your son annoyed me ever since I have been in the place"—I said, "Why did not you tell me?"—he went out, I followed, and gave him into custody—I saw my son's wounds; I fetched a doctor.

Prisoner. There is no reason to suppose that a person like me would do this; I suppose I am one of the first bootmakers in England.





DENNIS DONOVAN
 (policeman, L 48). I took the prisoner—I found this knife on him, which was bloody—I saw the prosecutor, he was very much injured—the surgeon dressed twelve or fourteen wounds on him.


Prisoner's Defence. I was three weeks in this country; my tools are the heaviest tools in the land; when I came I bad just 8d., I got a quartern of butter, and a half quartern loaf, that does sometimes keep a person in my line of life a week, we cannot afford much; I roamed very much through this land, to the extreme of it; I was grieved, though I could say nothing; I was confined to a bit of bread, and one cap of tea; I had one pair of shoes in hand, and my grievance was great, being confined to one meal after the hardship of travel; I am bred a boot maker to man's work, and it was women's work I had, the lowest of all work; when the week was over I was not able to leave the house; there was a dreadful fog, not more than four hours' daylight; on the third week I thought to get a meal; I was passing by a butcher's shop, and bought a bullock's cheek; there was four pounds of it, at 2d. a pound; I thought it would make some good soup for me; I had a bit fried of it, and about another half pound cooked with a parsnip, which cost me a penny; this was taken from me, but I never revolted for that; there was no cupboard, I took the food up stairs where I worked; they were grieved at that, and this young fellow I had great grievance with, which caused me to moan and sigh, and he repeated them as well as a comedian, to my great terror; he is one of the greatest cannibals in man's nature; when he was at work be would make motions with his mouth, quite grinning; they were the most rejected persons I ever saw; this morning he got on in this way, and kept it on with great force; I spoke a couple of words, that irritated him, and he gave me a push out of bed; I did not resent it in the least; I got up and lit a candle; I had this small pointed knife in my hand; I took that and gave the wick of the candle a poke to open the wick; I had only my trowsers on; I went to the bed to get my waistcoat, he repeated the insult again; I got hold of him by the hair on the forehead to get him out of bed; he made many attempts to bite me, a sort of cannibal attempt.




GUILTY
. Aged 50.
(The jury requested that inquiries might be made respecting his state of mind, the result of which did not become public; but on a subsequent day
MR. JUSTICE ERLE
sentenced the prisoner to be 


Transported for Seven Years.)

Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

