




1174. 



SOLOMON HYAMS
 and 



SARAH HYAMS
 were again indicted for

 stealing 5 coats, value 14l.; the goods of 



Henry Baldwin.—2nd COUNT, receiving the same.






JAMES SLATTER
. I am assistant to John Baldwin, tailor and draper, of 31, Cornhill. On Thursday evening, 10th April, between five and six o'clock, I heard the door slam—I went into the front shop, and saw no one—I missed five coats from a shelf—these are them (produced)—there are many marks by which I can swear to them—I produce a pattern of the cloth this one is made of, and these two I know by the trimming—I made them for three particular customers—this one I know by the lining—the owner tore it in the back, and I put in a new back and new lining.





JOSEPH WARD
 (City-policeman, 628). On 11th April, I went to Hyams's house, 4, Cobb's-yard, Petticoat-lane—I followed Mrs. Hyams up-stairs, and found these five coats and three pieces of cloth in a bedroom—I took them to the station with the prisoners; they were produced there, and Hyams said, "All the property is mine."

MR. PARRY
called.






JACOB MOSES
. I deal in clothes, and live at 9, Holy well-lane, Shoreditch; I have attended the clothes-market almost every day, for forty years. On Friday morning, I believe it was April 11th, I was in the market between eleven and twelve o'clock, and a man offered me some coats for sale; those produced are five of them—I was about a quarter of an hour bargaining for them—I bid 1l. each, and was asked 1l. 7s. 6d.—I did not purchase them—master tailors and journeymen are in the habit of bringing clothes there for sale—I saw Hyams in the market that morning and afternoon—I was not present at any sale of them to him—I have known him dealing in the market twelve or fourteen years (the policeman Ward here stated that the witness had been in custody for receiving stolen property)—I have never been charged with receiving stolen goods—I have been locked up; the Lord Mayor detained me, and sent the officer for my eight witnesses—he brought them, and the Lord Mayor discharged me—it was a charge of buying two ribs of an umbrella in this market—they were given to me as a sample—Sergeant Kelly reported the result of his inquiries to the Lord Mayor.

COURT. Q. What time was it when you bargained for these coats? A. As nigh as possible between eleven and twelve o'clock—it was on a Friday; last Friday five weeks, I believe—I always go to market for my family on Friday, because we do not deal on Saturdays, and I only go to the meat market once a week—four of these coats have nothing particular about them; they are paletots—one paletot was lined with silk, but that is not here—there were five lined with Alpaca, some of them are worth a few shillings more or

less than others—I do not know these coats by any mark, but by the look—I heard of the charge being made against the prisoner on the next morning—I did not go to the Police-office—I said nothing about it till the next week—I never saw the coats since I saw them in the market till now—I wanted to describe them before seeing them, but the Court would not let me—no friend has described them to me—I had not an idea these were the coats till I happened to name it to a party, who said, "I dare say they are the same coats."

Q. Who is the party? A. Two or three different parties—I cannot name the party; there are hundreds and thousands of people there—I did not notice that one of the coats had a new piece of cloth put into it, they all appeared new.





ELLEN GAVIN
. I was in the service of Mr. and Mrs. Hyams—I remember the Friday night when they were taken into custody—on the Thursday evening Hyams came home, to the best of my recollection, about six o'clock—I did not look at the clock—he did not go out again, nor did Mrs. Hyams.





JAMES SLATTER

re-examined. None of these goods were offered for sale in the market—we are not in the habit of sending goods there—the names of the parties the coats were made for, have been taken out—I wish Mr. Baldwin to be examined.





HENRY BALDWIN
. I am not in the habit of sending coats to this market—I identify these coats—three of them were made for particular parties.

Cross-examined. Q. When they were stolen from you had they the names of the persons for whom they were made on them? A, Three of them had—I have a perfect knowledge of them; they have passed through my hands repeatedly.

SARAH HYAMS—


NOT GUILTY
.

SOLOMAN HYAMS—


GUILTY

of receiving.* Aged 40. 


Transported for Seven Years.

