




215. 




CHARLKS WILLIAMS
 and 




TIMOTHY REGAN



 scaling 2 purses, 1 sovereign, 4 half-sovereigns, and 9 sixpences; the property of 



James Bare, from the person of 



Martha Bare.






EDWARD FUNNELL
 (City-policeman, 32). I was on duty in Gracechurch-street with Huggett on 23rd Jan., about 3 o'clock in the afternoon—I saw the prisoners; I had seen them before—I know they are the persons—I saw Regan go on the right hand side of a lady, and place his hand against her dress—Williams put his two hands in his own pockets, stood before Regan, and spread out his coat so as to cover him—the lady moved away, and I saw Williams put his hand on Regan's shoulder and speak to him—the lady went on, and stopped at a shop—Regan went and put his hand into her dress—Williams was close to Regan, covering him in the same way—the lady then went on further and looked in another shop, and Regan went again and put his hand in her pocket, and Williams put his hands in his pockets and stood in the same way—I saw Regan pull his hand out from the lady's dress, put something from his left hand into his right hand, and put it into his pocket, and he ran away, leaving Williams standing there—I ran after him—I ran against two men, and they sung out, "Mind where you are coming to!"—Regan

then turned round, put his hand into his pocket, took out the purse, and threw it into an area—I took him, and then went in the area and found these two purses (produced) one in the other—there are nine sixpences in the large purse, and a sovereign and four half sovereigns in the small one.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You saw Regan put his band twice in the lady's dress, and the lady had moved in the mean time? A. Yes; she moved twice—there was not so much as two or three minutes' interval—I was opposite him, on the other side of the way—he had just got in the passage leading to the market when I got to him—I was three or four yards from him when he threw the purse down—I ran against two men as they were standing against the posts leading to the passage; they said, "Mind where you are coming," and Regan looked round and threw down the purse—I took Regan, and left him in custody of a tradesman till I went down in the area and got the purse—it was not the length of this Court from the area to where I took him.





JOSEPH HUGGETT
 (City-policeman, 23). I was with Funnell—I saw the prisoners together, Regan went to the right side of a lady, and felt the right side of her dress—Williams stood with his hands in his pockets, spreading his coat out—the lady moved from the shop where she was standing, and went to another shop—Regan went again, and put his hand in her pocket—the lady moved again, and Repay went again and put his hand in her pocket, and Williams was spreading his coat out—the prisoners then separated, and Williams went towards Fenchurch-street—I pursued him and brought him back—the lady was then feeling her pocket, and she said she had lost her purse—I took Williams to Half-moon Passage, and there saw Regan when the purse was in the area.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the lady? A. The last time she was at a picture-shop—she had before been at a fruit-shop, and before that at a picture-shop—Williams was walking smartly away from her—he had got four or five yards from her—I had been watching the prisoners about a quarter of an hour.





MARTHA BARE
. I am the wife of James Bare. I was in Gracechurch-street on 23rd Jan.—I lost my two purses, these are them—I bad looked in several shops—I thought I felt something; I put my hand into my pocket, and missed my two purses—these are them.
(Williams was further charged with having been before convicted.)





EDWARD EXTON
 (City-policeman, 176). I produce a certificate—(read—"Charles Withers, Convicted, April 1850; Confined three months)—I was present, Williams is the person.

WILLIAMS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


REGAN—


GUILTY
. † Aged 14.—



Confined Twelve Months.

