



203. 



JOSEPH POTTER



, stealing 71 yards of twill, value 2l. the goods of



 William Cook and others.






WILLIAM WARTH
. I am warehouseman to William Cook and others, of St. Paul's Churchyard. On 21st Dec, between 8 and 9 in the morning, I saw the prisoner go into my employers' new warehouse with an empty wrapper—he had no business there, he is not in our employ—he came out again with a large parcel in the wrapper under his arm—it appeared to be the same wrapper he had taken in with him—I went after him, caught him and said, "You are a thief!" and threw him down—to the best of my belief he said nothing to that—thinking he might have some accomplices, I sent for a young man named Stevens to take charge of the goods while I took the prisoner; I took him into Knowles-court, and directed one of the porters to secure him, by tying him to a lamp post till my employers came; which I saw done—one end of the wrapper was undone, and I saw a piece of twill or Coburg cloth, of a red colour, in the wrapper—I gave the wrapper to the policeman in the same state I had taken it from the prisoner, and gave the

prisoner in custody—this 1s. the wrapper, and these two pieces of goods (produced) were in it—each piece has our private mark and ticket on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PLATT. Q. Are you sure the wrapper was empty when he went in? A. I am positive of it, on my oath; it was dangling over his arm—there is one entrance to our warehouse in St. Paul's Churchyard, and a back entrance in Carter-lane, which was where he went in—it is a public entrance, hundreds of customers come in that way—I did not lose sight of him above half a minute, when he went into the warehouse—I am sure he is the boy.





WILLIAM BLEACH
. I was called by Ward, who handed me the parcel with the cloth in it—these are the goods.





JOHN ARMSTRONG
 (City policeman, 30). I was taken to Knowles-court, and found the prisoner tied to a lamp post—I took him in custody.





GEORGE WEBB
. I am a warehouseman at Messrs. Cook. On the morning of 21st, I watched the prisoner from a window, in consequence of seeing him come out of the warehouse before—between 8 and 9 o'clock, I saw him enter the warehouse with an empty wrapper; I saw him go through the stuff department and lay the wrapper on a pile of goods; be then lald two pieces of stuff in the wrapper, put it under his arm and walked out of the warehouse with it—I followed, and found him in Warth's custody.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted).





WILLIAM MALYON
 (City policeman, 456). I produce a certificate (read—Joseph Potter, convicted at the Central Criminal Court, May, 1852; confined four months)—I was present, the prisoner is the same person.


GUILTY.—


Transported for Seven Years.

