



495. 




FREDERICK FIELD



, stealing 18 collars and 1 pair of sleeves, value 2l.; the goods of 



Sarah Clark, from her person: having been before convicted.






SARAH CLARK
. I am single, and am a crape collar-maker. On Thursday, 16th Jan., I was walking with my sister along the Whitmore-road,

Shoreditch—I bad a parcel in my hand, containing eighteen crape collars and a pair of sleeves—a person came behind, put his hand over my shoulder, snatched the parcel, and ran away—I did not see who it was—five collars dropped out of the parcel, which I picked up—I turned round and saw a person running with a frock-coat and cap on—I cannot swear to him—I only saw his back—I lost the rest of the things.





JOHN WORSFOLD
. On 16th Jan., between seven and eight o'clock, I was crossing the Whitmore-road, and saw Clark—the prisoner went behind her, put his band over the girl's right shoulder, and snatched the paper—as he turned, I saw his face by the light of a shop—he dropped five collars and got away—I have seen him before, and swear he is the man—I have beard persons call him Field—he was dressed in a brown round coat, and a cap—I saw him at the station—the constable asked his name, and he gave Frederick Field.

Prisoner. Q. Which way did I go? A. Down the road—you were on the same side as Clark, not the other.





JOHN NEWELL
 (policeman, N 102). I apprehended the prisoner on the 18th—I told him it was for some millinery—he said, "What is millinery?"—I said, "Caps, and those sort of things"—he denied it—I took him to the station, and brought the boy Worsfold, who said, "That is him"—he gave his name Frederick Field.

The prisoner called






WILLIAM DAVIS
. I know the prisoner, he is a cooper—on 16th Jan. he was at Mr. Blackmore's beer-shop, in the Kingsland-road, in the parlour—it was about five minutes past eight o'clock when I got there—the prisoner was there then—there were sixteen or seventeen other persons in the room—he was smoking and drinking—Whitmore-Toad is nearly a mile from the Kingsland-road—the prisoner bad nothing with him—he bad on a brown frock coat, and I think a hat, but I cannot be certain—I will not swear it was not a cap.





HENRY PARSEY
. I am a hawker, and know the prisoner—on 16th Jan. he was in my company from five o'clock, or half-past, till a quarter to twelve, at Mr. Warrell's beer-shop, 176, Kingsland-road—he was not out of my company during that time—my wife was with me; she is not here, as she is expecting to be confined—I know Davis—he was at Warrell's—neither Warrell or Blackmore are here.

COURT to JOHN WORSFOLD. Q. how do you know the prisoner? A. I have seen him with his companions in Hoxton Old Town; and have heard them call him Field—he is not an acquaintance of mine—I am out of service at present.





JOHN NEWELL

re-examined. Blackmore's and Warrell's is the same house; and it is not half a mile from where the robbery was committed.
GEORGE LANGDON (policeman, N 27). I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court—Frederick Field, convicted Nov. 1848; having been before convicted: Confined one year). I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.† Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

