




729. 




JOSEPH GREAVES
 and 




ELIZA WILLIAMS



, feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 



Sarah Rabbage, and stealing 25 lbs. weight of bacon, 10 lbs. weight of cheese, 20 lbs. weight of tea, and other articles, value 5l.; 8 half-crowns, 39 pence, 86 halfpence, and 52 farthings; her property.—2nd COUNT, feloniously receiving the same.


MR. EWART
conducted the Prosecution.






ADAM STRANGE BARR
 (policeman, F 125.) On Monday morning, 20th Jan., I was on duty in Lower Searle's-place, about a quarter past five o'clock—in consequence of information I went to Mrs. Rabbage's shop, 17, Ship-yard, and saw two men run out of the prosecutrix's door—one ran up and the other down Shire-lane—I followed the one down Shire-lane and took him—he was tried and transported last Session—I had seen Greaves standing near there for half an hour between twelve and two—he is about the size of the other man I saw, but I only saw his back then.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How near were you to the door, when they came out? A. About three yards from it—I had never seen the prisoner before that night—I did not stand still and watch him for half-an-hour, but I saw him twice in the same place within an interval of half-an-hour between; there were some people quarrelling there at the time.






HENRY MATTHEWS
 (police-sergeant, 10 F.) On 20th Jan., about a quarter-past five o'clock in the morning, I received information, and went to Mrs. Rabbage's—I entered by the private door, and found three cheeses and 25 lbs. of bacon in the passage—the hinges were broken off the door leading from the passage to the shop—the shop was in confusion—a cupboard had been forced open, and the things had been disturbed; I found a knife in it.





SARAH RABBAGE
. I live at 2, Picket-place, near Temple-bar, and keep a grocer's and chandler's shop in Ship-yard, in the parish of St. Clement Danes—I shut up at half-past twelve o'clock on Saturday night, and fastened the window and doors—I was sent for there at half-past six on Sunday morning, and found the shop in great confusion—I missed seven cheeses, 30lbs. of tea, and 8lbs. of tobacco, some sugar, candles, snuff, eight half-crowns, and 7s. or 8s. In copper; among which was a halfpenny marked with vinegar, and a penny with a cross—they had been in the cupboard; these are them—(produced)—the articles were worth 50l. or 60l.

Cross-examined. Q. That includes what was taken away, and what was disturbed? A. Yes; and some articles were made unfit for sale—I am single; it is my business entirely—I had had the marked money in my pocket for a week, and I was saving it for my niece and nephew—I put it in the cupboard the day before—I picked it out of the rest of the copper at Bow-street.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-sergeant, F 1.) On Monday morning, 20th Jan., about half-past eight o'clock, I traced some tea from the prosecutrix's shop to No. 3, Brick-court, Lower Searle's-place, nearly 100 yards from the shop; I went into the front parlour, and found some tea on the floor, and a little strewed over the table—I searched the back-parlour, and found 6s. 10d. In half-pence and pence, and 13d. In farthings, under the counterpane, and a quantity of tea tied up in an apron under the bed—these two coins were with the copper; I have had them ever since.





WILLIAM DENT
. I live at 9, Lower Searle's-place, and sell coffee in the streets; I have a house at 3, Brick-court, Lower Searle's-place. On 11th Jan. I let a parlour and bedroom to Williams; she did not take possession till Saturday, the 18th, between nine and ten o'clock at night—I went in about eleven, and saw her there, and Greaves, I believe it was, with her—on Monday morning, the 20th, I was out selling coffee between three and four, and saw Williams going into the lane with two men; I believe Greaves was one of them—they went up Searle's-place—I saw them again a little before five, in Hemlock-court, a few yards from the prosecutrix's; and at a little after five I saw them standing against No. 6, Lower Searle's-place—Williams came down Lower Searle's-place alone about half-past five, and went into the room she had taken of me.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you go home? A. About eight o'clock—I saw some tea in the passage—there are four rooms in the house, and other women live there—I will not swear Greaves is the man I saw there, but I believe he is—I have never said he was shorter than Greaves.

MR. EWART. Q. Did you see them any more at the lodging? A. No; they did not pay their rent.





ANN WELCH
. I am married, and live at 1, Pitt's-place, Drury-lane. About a month before Christmas, I let my front-parlour to the two prisoners, in the name of Bentley; they stopped six weeks, and then left,

and locked up the door for a fortnight—they lived together as man and wife—I am sure they are the parties.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know of their having had a quarrel on the day they left? A. No; it was about three weeks after they came—I did not know that they were going to separate.





ALFRED GREEN
 (City-policeman., 376.) On 25th Feb., I took Williams at Greaves's mother's, 8, Union-court, Holborn—I have known the prisoners to live together at intervals for six years—I took Greaves the same evening at a public-house in Dean-street, Soho—I do not know whether he was living with his mother; he was frequently there.

MR. ROBINSON
called.






JOHN M'DONALD
. I married Greaves's mother. He was at my house on 20th Jan., and went to bed as near one o'clock as possible; I let him in, and went into the room where he sleeps, and saw him get into bed, and took the candle away; a man named Adams slept in the same room, he was awake—the prisoner got up at seven or eight next morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. EWART. Q. What are you? A. A jobbing tailor; I live at 8, Union-court, Holborn. I have two rooms on the ground-floor, and have beds in both—the rooms are connected; you cannot go into the prisoner's room without going through mine; the key of my room is left inside—I do not lay awake all night—I know the time Greaves came in that night from a little memorandum I made in my mind concerning my business; I was up doing some work—I did not see him go to bed the night before—I have a clock in my room—I did not notice what time he came home on Friday, the 17th, because I was out late that evening—to the best of my recollection, I think he came home at eleven o'clock on Saturday; the night before that, I will not be positive what time he came home.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do do recollect better what you do on Sunday nights than on other nights? A. Yes; I am more sober and composed, and if I am doing any work on Sunday nights, it is more likely to be impressed upon my mind.

COURT. Q. Does not the prisoner's room open into any passage? A. No, into my room—his room looks into the yard, but the window has been nailed up for these twelvemonths—Adams was here just now, but he has gone. (Adams was here called, but did not appear.)

GREAVES—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.


WILLIAMS—



GUILTY
of Receiving.
Aged 25.—



Confined Three Months.

