









257. 




CHARLES CLINTON,


 JAMES BADCOCK,


 DANIEL JOHN SHAW,


 JOHN GARDNER
, and 



GEORGE BUNCHER
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Clapham and another, and stealing 65 watches, 57 chains, 720 rings, and other articles, value 2,000l.; their goods: and 




MARY ANN CHARONEAU
 and 



MARY ANN BUNCHER



 were charged as accessaries after the fact: the said Mary Ann Buncher was also charged with receiving the said goods: to which


CLINTON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Twenty Years.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS CLAPHAM
. I am in partnership with William Williams, as silversmiths and jewellers, at 13 and 14, Strand, in the parish of St.

Martin-in-the-Fields. The two shops communicate internally by a sliding door—a porter named Kelly and his family sleep there; I do not—we have an iron safe let into the wall, in which it was the duty of our assistant Whiskard, to lock up a large quantity of property when business was over, and to put the key in a private place only known to himself—on Monday evening, 21st Oct., I left about a quarter-past eight o'clock—the prisoner Clinton, who was my errand-boy, had just put the shutters up—I left Whiskard there—Kelly, the porter, was out—I got there next morning at a little before ten, and found the iron safe had been opened; I missed from it watches, rings, and jewellery, amounting to 1500l.: the safe was emptied of all but one or two rings—I also missed from a glass-case in the window, property amounting to 400l. or 500l.:2,000l. altogether—I saw no appearances of breaking from the outside—there is no keyhole outside—I found this false key in the safe-door, and this other in the lock of the shop-door; we had some difficulty in getting it out; it would enable a person to leave the premises; it is an imitation of our key—I have seen none of the property since.





JOHN WHISKARD
. I am assistant to Messrs. Williams and Clapham, I was there on Monday night, 21st Oct.—it was my duty, after business, to secure the property in the glass-cases in the iron safe—I put a quantity of jewellery, diamonds, and precious stones into the safe—the things in the glass-case remained there, but I secured it, and took the key of both at twenty minutes past eight o'clock—there were sixty-five watches, 720 rings, fifty-seven watch-chains, 100 watch-keys, and some diamonds—the value of the articles in the safe and case was about 1,920l.—there were brooches, bottles, lockets, pins, seals, pencils, cases, and chains, among them—Kelly, the porter, was out; the boy Clinton was shutting the shop up—I put the key of the safe into a little drawer by itself, locked it, and put the key into my pocket—the glass-case was merely locked; the key was on a bunch in my pocket—I left at half-past eight o'clock, taking those keys with me; the shutters were then all up, and the place apparently fastened—Clinton let me out; he did not sleep there, it was his duty to stay till Kelly came: Mrs. Kelly was up-stairs—at nine next morning I came and found the glass-case and the safe opened; another key of the case was kept in the cash-box, in the iron-chest, of which I had the key—I found the plade had been plundered.





CHARLES KELLY
. In Oct. I was porter to Messrs. Williams and Clapham; I lived with my wife and family on the upper part of their premises. On 21st Oct. I went out about twenty minutes to seven o'clock in the evening, leaving Mr. Whiskard in the shop, and Clinton on the first-floor of No. 14, which room commands a view of the Strand—my wife and children were out—I came back about twenty minutes past nine, and found the shutters up, and the premises closed—I rang or knocked, and Clinton opened the door, my wife was at home then—Clinton then left for the night; his usual time was about nine—it was not his duty to wait till I came home, but he often did—I let him out and fastened the door after him, within a minute after my coming in; he just put on his coat and left—I then shut the front-door, locked it, and put up a small chain; I left the key in the door—I went round the shop, but did not make a very minute search—there is a lobby at No. 13, between the front of the shop and the inside, formed by a glass-door, which is open in the day, but at

night the shutters enclose the space, so that when it is shut there is no appearance of a door to No. 13—the space is about four feet square—we had large mats which are put down in the day, but at night are put in that lobby—I did not look into the lobby that night—behind No. 13, there is a small shop which you enter from the front shop by a pair of glass doors which open inwards into the back shop, and when so opened enclose a space quite large enough for a person to be concealed there—I did not go into the small back-shop; the middle door was open—I left the shop, god went up-stairs finally, at about twenty minutes to eleven, having put up the spiked bar outside—I had been up to my room in the interval and; had my supper—I took the keys of No. 14 up with me—I was not disturbed at all in the night—I came down in the morning at about five minutes to seven, the stairs from my room brought me into No. 14, close to the safe—I found a difficulty in opening the door; the safe and glass-case were open, and a great deal of property gone—I found this dark-lantern, some wax tapers, and two candles; this key was in the front door of No. 14, and another in the safe—the lobby of No. 13, was not as I left it the night before; the mats were pushed out to prevent it from closing, as if some person had been there after me; the bolts of the front door were undone, and the chain down—I could not get the false key out—I opened the front-door and called in a policeman.





GEORGE HARRISON
 (policeman, F 120). On 22nd Kelly called me in, and I remained on the premises till inspector Dodd came.





WILLIAM DODD
 (police-inspector, F). On 22nd Oct., about a quarter to eight o'clock, I went to the premises and found they had been plundered—I found this crow-bar, dark-lantern, and two chisels there—I got one of these keys from the iron safe, and the other from the door of No. 14, both in the locks—this small crow-bar was in the counting-house at the back of No. 13, alongside of the cash-box, which had been broken open—the cocoa-nut mats were arranged in the lobby of No. 13, so as to give room for a person to be concealed behind them—there was no appearance of a forcible entry from the outside.





JOHN LUND
 (police-inspector, A). On 22nd Oct. I went to Messrs. Clapham and Williams', and examined the premises; there is no doubt the robbery was effected by some person within—I found Clinton there, and in consequence of something he said, I went over the water to a public-house, nearly opposite Rowland Hill's Chapel—I was sitting in the parlour, and Badcock came in; I directly got up from my seat and went towards the bar, he saw me and instantly left—I followed as quick as I could, and caught him just at the corner; he appeared as if he was going to make water—I told him the charge, he said he knew nothing about it, and had not seen Clinton for some time—I had told him that Clinton was in custody, and had confessed it—I found nothing on him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did not you take Shaw, and was it not Shaw that said that? A. Shaw said so too; I took him in the White Horse, Fetter-lane—I am sure Badcock said he had not seen Clinton for some time—I am sure I am not confounding the matter(the witness was here directed to look at his deposition)—Badcock said it as well as Shaw, and to the best of my belief, he said he had not seen him for some time, not since the Sunday-week previous—I have mentioned that before—I think there is a urinal to the public-house, and he appeared as if he was

going there—he returned into the public-house with me, but I had actually taken him into custody before that—I never heard anything before either for or against him.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant, F 11). On 26th Oct. I went to St. George's Circus, Westminster-road, and found Gardner and Charoneau walking together, about one o'clock in the night—I told Gardner I wanted him for a burglary in the Strand—he said, "Oh! we shall see;" Charoneau could hear—I told her she must go also; she said, "Very well"—I took them in a cab to Bow-street, with sergeant West—Clinton was there in custody, I showed Gardner to him, and asked him if that was the man that he let into the shop—he said, "He is very much like the man;" without looking at him in the face (he had said something to me before Gardner got near enough to hear)—I said, "Look at him well in the face, and see whether he is the man or not;" he looked at him, and said he was the man—Gardner said, "Good God Almighty! I never saw the boy before in my life"—I told him to look at him again, and see if he was perfectly satisfied he was the man—he again said he was, and Gardner made the same remark again—he could see Clinton, they stood opposite each other—I asked Gardner his name and address, he gave several evasive answers, and said he was a traveller, and lived anywhere, it was somewhere in the Kent-road, but he did not know the number—I searched him, and found 6l. 10s. in gold, and this key on him; it opens the outerdoor of 25, Temple-street, Southwark—Charoneau gave her address, 25, Garden-row, London-road—I went away, leaving West with them—between seven and eight that morning, I went to 82, Pearl-row, Borough, and found the Buncher's—I had seen them before; her brother, Daniel Evans, was there, and a police-sergeant—I told Buncher to consider himself in my custody for stealing a quantity of rings, brooches, and other articles from the Strand—he said he knew nothing about it—I saw the woman feeling her pocket, and asked her to turn it out—she gave me a piece of paper and a duplicate, and was crumbling this other piece of paper; I said, "Let me see what you have got there?"—she attempted to put it in her mouth; I prevented her, and took it from her, there was writing on it in pencil—she said, "It is only a letter about a loan, I did not want him to know anything about it"—(This was half of a letter torn down the middle of the sheet, half of each line only being left; it appeared to be from the Soho Loan Office, and was addressed to Mr. Daniel Evans, on the other side was a list of the following articles, in pencil, partially rubbed out: "I watch, 1 bracelet, 1 brooch, 1 bottle, 1 locket, 1 pin, 1 stone, 3 pencils. 1 boot," &c.) I took them to the station, and asked Clinton, "Is that the man you have spoken to about the robbery?" meaning, "Is that the man you have been talking to about the robbery, he said, "Yes"—Buncher said, "Lord Jesus Christ!"—I asked Clinton again if he was the man, and he said he was—Buncher was then charged.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Are you sure Charoneau did not tell you it was 25, Temple-street? A. No; because she said she lived there with the old woman, meaning her mother—I said there was no such person, and asked her which side of the street it was—she said the left—I said "25 is on the right"—I am sure she did not say she lived with Gardner at 25, Temple-street.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You went to 25, Garden-row? A. Yes; but could

find no tidings of her—I returned to her and said, "You don't life at 25, Garden-row"—she said, "I do, with the old woman"—when I told her 25 was on the right, she said, "I don't know anything about it."





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-sergeant, F 7). I was with Thompson, when Gardner and Charoneau were taken; she was about to say something at the station, but Gardner said, "Hold your tongue," and she said nothing—I asked her if she had anything about her—she said, "I have got nothing but a bit of cheese about me," and took it out—I asked her if she had any money about her; she said she had a little—I said "How much have you got?"—she said, "That doesn't matter"—I said I should have her searched—the female-searcher commenced searching her—she undid her dress, took this bag from her bosom as it is now, and gave it to the female searcher, who gave it to me—it contained 158 sovereigns and a half—I asked her how she came by it—she said, "My father sent me 50l., and the remainder I got the best way I could"—I asked her how he sent it; she said, "By a Post-office Order, or something."





HANNAH GREEN
. I am female-searcher, at Bow-street. I searched Charoneau—she produced a bag from her bosom, and gave it to me—I gave it to West—she said it was to take her to America.





HENRY LIDDELL
. I am learning the business of a brass-finisher. I worked in the house in which Shaw lived, 4, Great Charlotte-street, Black-friars-road, Mr. Burnham's—I have seen Badcock and Shaw together several times—I was outside the door where Shaw lived, in Oct., three or four days before the robbery (he did not work at that place, he occupied a room there)—I heard Badcock tell Mr. Shaw he had seen Charley, who told him the robbery would come off on the Saturday night, and Charley had told him he had taken the impression of the key, and had given it to the men; that Charley had told him to meet him on Saturday night, and he would give him something, or let him have something, I do not know which, to which Mrs. Shaw made some observation, I do not know what—I know Clinton—I have several times seen him in the company of Badcock and Shaw, I cannot say how lately; it might be three weeks or a month before the robbery—I have seen Clinton come to the place where Shaw lived.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Where did Mrs. Shaw live? A. In the second-floor back-room—it was in her room that this conversation took place—I had occasion to go up at the time for a broom, which Mrs. Shaw had borrowed—I did not ask her for it; it was outside, and she was inside—I took it—I put my ear to the keyhole—I have not often listened to conversations, it is not my custom—I think this is about the first time in my life I have put my ear to the keyhole—I do not know that I put it particularly close—I was on the bottom step—I do not know that I have ever listened at any other keyhole and overheard conversations—I was examined at the police-court three times, I think—I do not know that I was asked this fact—they asked me if I recollected hearing a conversation—I think I mentioned the first time that I had overheard the conversation—I did not tell them that I had put my ear to the keyhole—I saw a reward offered before I gave my evidence—I have been learning the business of my father-in-law as a brass-finisher seven or eight months—I am thirty years old—I have been a waiter and light-porter—I have kept a coftee-shop at 111, Aldgate—I never kept a beer-shop—I have never been

in any difficulty before a Magistrate; yes, once, my master gave me a holiday, I was to return on Sunday evening, I did not return till Tuesday, and be gave me in charge; the Lord Mayor discharged me, saying as I was not an apprentice, I could do as I pleased—that is the only time I have been before a Magistrate—I was never locked up or in a station-house—I have been summoned to Guildhall; that was for rent—I have never been through the Insolvent Court—I mean to tell the Jury that I was summoned to Guildhall for rent—I could not pay my rent, and removed my goods by night—I have never been summoned on any other occasion that I recollect—after, consideration, I swear that—I was never charged with selling spirits or beer without a license in my coffee-shop—I swear I was never in custody except when my master gave me in charge—I did not run away from that coffee-house without paying my rent—I do not owe any—that is not where I was summoned from; it was from Mitre-street, Aldgate—I lived there in a private lodging.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When were you summoned to Guildhall? A. About nine months ago—it is eight or nine years since my master took me before the Magistrate.





THOMAS VERNON
. I am a brass-finisher, and lire at 4, Great Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road. I am father-in-law of the last witness—I know the prisoners Shaw, Clinton, and Badcock—I have seen them in company together; I should say half a dozen times, and as lately as fourteen or fifteen weeks ago—I remember hearing of the robbery in the Strand; the last time I saw them together might have been very likely a month before that—Badcock and Shaw worked at the same place—I have generally seen them together at Shaw's house; they work at shoemaking—I have not seen Clinton since I heard of the robbery, till I saw him at Bow-street—I saw Shaw once since, but nobody with him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You saw him walking in the street did you not? A. Yes; I could not say positively whether it was not seven weeks before the robbery that I saw them together—I knew Shaw's master—I could not say exactly where they worked—they lived in the house.





JOHN CLINTON
. I am the father of the prisoner Clinton—I know Shaw and Badcock; they are acquaintances of my son—I have repeatedly seen Badcock call at my house for my son, and I have denied him several times to him—I remember Badcock calling at my house about two months before I was examined before the Magistrate, and he called me and desired that I would not call at his master's to inquire where he was the night before with my son (as they had been out all night), or he might loose his situation—I told him I certainly would call and speak to him before his master—it was the first time my son had slept out of my house since he had been born, and it was proper I should look into it—he begged me not—I asked who he was and what situation he held—he said he was errand-boy at 102 in the Strand, and he had half-a-crown a week wages and his victuals—I told him I thought half-a-crown a week would not support a young man like that, to keep out at all hours of the night, and when did he see my son last—he said he had seen him the day before, and had received 5s. from him for a coat that my boy gave orders to a tailor for—I asked when he should see my son again—he said he should see him that night; it was then getting on for twelve o'clock at night—I asked where

he was going to see him—he said he was to meet him at Mr. Shaws—an elder son of mine came in at that time, and I said to Badcock, "If that is the case I will go with you and see that he is there;" and I asked my boy to go up and get my hat, and we went to Mr. Shaw's in Charlotte-street, New Cut—Badcock knocked at the door, but so softly I considered it was not heard, and I knocked, and Shaw came to the door—I told him it was imprudent to have my son there as he was under age and lived so little distance off, and to keep him there all night, and I very much disapproved of it, and I would not suffer it by any means—several words came on to that effect, and Shaw found himself extremely aggrieved by it, and he sprang back to the farther end of the door and put himself in an attitude to strike me, and my eldest son stepped forward betweeu us to prevent him—he said he had never been talked to so before by any man, and be would not put up with it then—I was afraid of getting to blows, and I said to him, "I have one question to ask you, whether it is true or false I must take the answer, is my son in your place or not?"—he said, "No"—I then said, "I will leave you;" and I left him—about a fortnight before the robbery Shaw came to my house on a Sunday afternoon—I opened the door—he said, "Good morning to you, Sir"—I told him he had the advantage of me, (I did not know him again, he was differently dressed, in his Sunday clothes),—"Oh!" said he, "you called at my house"—"Where?" said I—"In Charlotte-street; my name is Shaw"—I said, "Well, Sir, what is it you want with me?"—"Oh,"he said, "I only called to ask after the welfare of Charlie; is there any complaint to make of him?"—"Complaints!" said I, "what complaints? I never had a complaint of him in my life; all the complaint I have is staying out late of a night at your house;" and I shut the door and went away.

Cross-examined by
MR PARRY. Q. You were very much excited and very angry about your son were you not? A. I am man that is never out of temper; I was angry within myself at my son, associating with such a character—I have known Badcock from two to four months—I only knew him by sight—I never suffered him into my presence but once, and then he brought a hat home to my son—I believe he new-footed a pair of shoes for my boy, and charged him 14s. for them, and I do not call that being a friend to him—my son was an errand-boy; be first had 7s. 6d. or 8s. a week, and about a month before this happened Mr. Clapham rose him 2s. more.





JOHN WRIGHT
 (police-sergeant, M 3). On the evening of 21st Oct., near seven o'clock, I was on duty near the Red Lion public-house, in Pearl-row, Blackfriars-road, and saw the prisoner Gardner and a tall man with him, who I believe to be Shaw—he very much answers the description of the party, I mean his stature and general appearance—they were standing talking together for two or three minutes—Gardner then left the tall man, and went to 32, Pearl-row, and knocked at the door—Buncher came out; he and Gardner then joined the tall man, and they all went away together, in the direction of the Blackfriars-road—Pearl-row is a quarter of a mile, or rather more, from Blackfriars-bridge—I knew Gardner before—I heard him state that he lived at 25, Temple-street, St. George's-road—on 26th Oct. I went to 25, Temple-street, and in a room there found this life-preserver (produced)—I have always known Mrs. Buncher by the name of Bluxton.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. The amount of your evidence

regarding Shaw is, that you believe it was him you saw, but would not undertake to swear positively to him? A. Yes; I had known him before—I have never heard anything against Badcock; I know nothing of his family—my duty is principally about Blackfriars-road, the Borough, and round that neighbourhood.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you know that Gardner's house had been searched before you found the life-preserver there? A. I did not, and I believe it had not—I knew before that Buncher lived at 37, Pearl-row—I have seen men go in and out of that house, but whether they lived there I do not know—when Buncher was taken into custody he said I must be mistaken about him that night as he was laid up with a bad leg—he showed me his leg, it appeared to have an old wound—he said it had been bad a long time—I think it was the shin—it was a wound then.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you known Buncher for some time? A. I had—I had frequently seen him before that night—I think it could not have been more than two or three nights before then that I saw him—be then appeared to be in his usual health.





LOUISA KELLY
. I am the wife of Charles Kelly, the porter, at Mr. Clapham's. On 21st Oct. I went out in the afternoon and returned at half-past seven o'clock—at that time the shop was not shut up—I went up-stairs to the first-floor where the boy, Clinton, was—I then went up-stairs to my own room which is on the second-floor—I staid there about half an hour, and then went up-stairs on the third-floor to put my children to bed—I then came down to my own sitting-room, and remained there till ray husband came home—I did not let anybody in to Mr. Clapham's, or know of anybody being let in—it was about half-past seven when I saw Clinton on the flrst-floor—I did not see him again that night.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Who lives in this house? A. Only myself and husband—the ground-floor is the shop—there are four floors above—the top floor is full of furniture—we occupy all the other floors, except the first, that is used by Mr. Williams as a kind of office—neither he or Mr. Clapham live there—we have nothing to do with the business in the shop—we merely live there to take care of the house.





EVAN JONES
 (policeman, M 250). I know Gardner and Charoneau—I know Charoneau by the name of Poll Gardner, Mrs. Gardner: last year she was lodging at 22, Martin-street, Black friars—she was living with Gardner—I have seen them go into that house together, and have seen them together continually—I have heard her call him, "My old man."

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. You knew them as Mr. and Mrs. Gardner? A. Yes; they passed as man and wife—I believe they are not married.





JOHN SAUNDERS
. I keep the York Hotel, at the corner of York-road and Waterloo-road—I know Gardner—I saw him at my place about a month or five weeks before the examination before the Magistrate—he was in front of the bar, and to the best of my belief Clinton was with him—I could not swear to him—Gardner had a dog with him which was playing antics—it was a little rough dog, like a Scotch terrier—Gardner made it stand up in the corner on his hind legs, and obey him and no one else, it would not get down from his posture till he gave him permission—that drew my attention to the parties—I talked with him about the dog.


Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. There were a good many persons in the bar at the time, were there not? A. Several—I do not know how many—I should say not half a dozen—I had never seen Gardner before.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How soon after was it that you saw him? A. At Bow-street—I recognised him immediately.





ANN BAGLEY
. I live at 25, Temple-street, Blackfriars-road. Charoneau lodged there—I have noticed her with a little white rough dog—it used to do performance, stand on its hind legs, and play tricks of that kind.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. I believe the police locked you up for an hour? A. They did not lock me up—they said they would lock me up unless I would tell the truth.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. What name did you know Charoneau by? A. We used to call her Polly—I did not call her Mrs. Gardner; I only knew her as Polly—she had a servant of her own—she used to dress middling—she never gave me any money; I never saw her with any—I never went into her room.





WILLIAM DYOTT BURNABY
. I am the principal clerk at Bow-street. I took the examination of the prisoners on this charge—the proper form of caution was read over to them by Mr. Henry—Badcock said, "Clinton said to me, when the robbery came off he would make me a present of something handsome; I did not know when it was to be, or where it was."





SUSAN COURCELL
. I live with my husband, at 15, Temple-street, St. George's-road; it is opposite No. 25. I know Charoneau, I have seen her in the first-floor front-room—I know Gardner by sight, I believe he lived there with Charoneau—I have seen them both together repeatedly—the last time I saw them there was on 29th Sept.—I have seen a little dog at the window of Charoneau's room.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Had you any acquaintance with her? A. No; I did not know her name.





ELIZA ANDREWS
. I live at 26, Temple-street. I know Gardner and Charoneau, by living next door—I have seen them there since Michaelmas—I have heard Charoneau speak to Gardner about the dog—she said, when he was going out one morning, "Look,Jack at the dog; he it bidding you good-bye."

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. You did not know this woman personally? A. No; I never spoke to her, and did not know her name.
(The
COURT, upon being appealed to by the Counsel for the several prisoners, expressed an opinion that, though there was abundant evidence to show acquaintance between the parties, there was not sufficient evidence to connect them with the offence charged; that Badcock was the only prisoner against whom there was some slight evidence.
MR. PARRY, therefore, addressed the Jury on behalf of Badcock only.)




NOT GUILTY
.
