



1645. 




THOMAS GREEN



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Susan Brown on the right arm, with intent to maim and disable her.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






SUSAN BROWN
. I am the wife of James Brown, a carman, of No. 2, Hill-row,

Kingsland-road. On Thursday night, 29th Aug., about seven o'clock, I was sitting close to the door of my house, and saw the prisoner come running after a little girl, eight or nine years old, named Louisa Rolfe, the daughter of a neighbour—they both ran into my house; he was close to her—she screamed and seemed excited—the prisoner had a clasp-knife in his hand, open, and he held it to her throat, pulled her down by the hair of her head on the ground, and said he would cut her b—throat—I seized him by the collar, and said, "Go along out, you little rascal"—he immediately turned round upon me and said, "Take that, you b——sow," and plunged the knife into the upper part of my right arm—it bled very much, and was bleeding for two hours and a quarter—he got away from me and ran away—I went to the doctor, and had the wound attended to, and afterwards gave information to the police—I was present when the prisoner was taken into custody at his mother's house, in White Bear-gardens.

Prisoner. I won't do so any more.

COURT. Q. Do you know the prisoner at all? A. He lives near me, and I know him by seeing him about the streets—he has no father, his mother goes out with a crockery-basket—I do not think he is quite right in his mind, from what I have heard—they cannot do anything with him at school; he will not learn—I do not know much about him—I have not lived long in the neighbourhood.





HENRY DUNCAN SMITH
. I am a surgeon, in the Kingsland-road. On 29th Aug., Mrs. Brown came to my surgery—she had an incised wound on the outer side of the right arm, midway between the elbow and shoulder—it was about half or three-quarters of an inch in length, and extended to the bone, about half an inch in depth.

COURT. Q. Do you know anything of this boy? A. I never saw him before—I believe my predecessor in business attended him for fits of an epileptic character, but I only know that from hearsay.





HENRY WARD
 (policeman). On Thursday night, 29th Aug., I went to the prisoner's mother's bouse, and found him in bed—I said he must come with me for stabbing a woman—he said nothing, but cried—I asked him what he had done with the knife that he did it with—he said his sister had taken it from him—I then took him to the station.

COURT. Q. Had you any other conversation with him, so as to form any judgment of his state of mind, whether he knew what he was about? A. No, I had not—he got up and dressed himself, and went with me.

The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was read as follows—"I will not do it any more."

Prisoner's Defence. I say my hymns when I go to school.

MR. SPICER (examined by the Court). I am a surgeon, and am attending in the gaol of Newgate for Mr. Sewell, the assistant-surgeon—I saw the prisoner in the gaol yesterday only—I examined him so far as I could—he seems foolish, with little or no sense about him—I cannot say he is insane—he seems a half-witted lad—he does not give very rational responses—I should hardly say he was idiotic—as far as I can judge I should say his ideas of right and wrong would, to a certain extent, enable him to know whether he was right or wrong in committing this act.





MR. WILLIAM WADHAM COPE
. I am governor of Newgate—the prisoner has been fourteen or fifteen days in my custody—he is about nine years old—I have seen him two or three times every day since he has been in gaol—the poor boy has been subject to fits frequently—he has been visited constantly by Mr. M'Murdo and Mr. Sewell—he is very much afflicted—I think he

knows right from wrong—he seems to act very well, except when the fits are upon him, which is very frequently, sometimes two or three times a day—we have been obliged to keep him in the Infirmary ever since he has been in the gaol—at other times he is a very well-conducted boy, very quiet and peaceable—when the fits are upon him he seems scarcely to know what he is about.

COURT
to
MR. SMITH. Q. Do you think the prisoner could have committed this act whilst under the influence of an epileptic fit? A. No; I never heard of such a thing—persons are powerless under the influence of an epileptic fit; but I believe that a series of fits tends very much to weaken the mind, and predispose it to insanity.




GUILTY. Aged 9.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury.
—


Transported for Seven Years, with a recommendation from the Court that he be placed under proper care.


