



361. 




CHARLES DIBDIN



, feloniously making 4 counterfeit sixpences.


MESSRS. BODKIN, ROBINSON, and
PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant, F 11). On 4th Dec., in consequence of information, I went, at six o'clock in the evening, to the top of the Model lodging-house, in Charles-street, Drury-lane, which is opposite to No. 48—I could see into the second-floor room at 48—In consequence of what I saw I went again the next evening, about the same time, and saw the prisoner sitting by the table, and a female by the side of the fire, holding something in her left hand, which appeared to be a mould—she took something from the fire which appeared to be a small ladle—the prisoner poured something white into two places in the thing the woman held in her left hand—it appeared to be metal—after holding it a few seconds, she opened it, and turned out on the table what appeared to be some small white coin—she did that several times—the prisoner was sitting at the table, and he appeared to be filing and rubbing what appeared to be shillings, which the woman turned out of the thing in her hand—a man with a cap on, and a woman with a bonnet and shawl and basket, came into the room while this process was going on—after they had done a certain quantity, the prisoner went to this pot (producing a galvanic battery) and did something to it—after that the prisoner took up the pieces in

his hand, rubbed them more gently than before, and laid them on the table—when he had done a certain quantity, he handed them to the woman with the bonnet—she looked at them, and handed them to the man—he looked at them, returned them, and the woman then gave the prisoner some money, more than one piece, which he turned over in his hand, and put into his left-hand trowsers' pocket—the man and woman then left the room—the prisoner turned down his shirt-sleeves, put on his coat, and went out with them, or directly after them—while he was absent, the woman kept pouring out the liquor—he came back, pulled off his coat, sat down to the table, and commenced rubbing some pieces—I had then been watching them about an hour, and left the top of the house—I had stationed West and Durston in readiness—I took them, got a ladder, placed it against the second-floor window of the house, got up, raised the window up with a crowbar, and the female was sitting at the side of the table with this mould in her hand—the prisoner was not in the room—the female jumped up, and ran towards me—I jumped into the room, secured her, and handed her over to Durston—when she jumped up she threw down this mould, which had two sixpences in it when it was picked up—Durston and West followed me into the room—we searched the place, and on the hob I found these moulds of half-crown impressions, and these two shilling moulds—this white metal was on the fire in a fluid state—on the table I found twenty-three sixpences, and the mould I had seen the female throw down, with the two sixpences in it—I found this spoon and the portion of another one—this electro-battery was on the table—on the mantelpiece I found this glass, with the impression of two sixpences on it, as if a mould had been made on it, and also some small silver, which is used for electro-plating, and two bottles of acid (all produced)—a quarter of an hour had not elapsed, from my leaving the top of the house and getting in at the window—I have known the prisoner for two or three years—I have not the slightest doubt he is the man I saw—I had seen him in the room on two or three prior occasions, from the same place—I had him in custody three years ago—I took him into custody on 3rd Jan., which was the first time I saw him after this—I told him he was charged with Ann Phelps, then convicted, for making counterfeit coin—he said he knew nothing about it—I found in the room this frame, like a large gridiron (produced) which fits against the door, and has two struts which run out against it, so that it is impossible to get into the room without knocking the wall down.





WILLIAM WEST
 (policeman, F 7). I went with Thompson, and assisted in putting the ladder against the window—I got into the room, and found six files, two of which have white metal between the teeth—they appeared to have been used very recently—I found, also, some whitening, part of a tooth-brush, and a spoon with some metal in it, near the fireplace.





IRA DURSTON
 (policeman, F 53). I found five counterfeit half-crowns, a white jar, containing plaster-of-Paris, and a teacup, containing sand and water.





JOHN RICHARDS
. I reside at 48, Charles-street, Drury-lane, and am deputy-landlord of this house. In Sept. last the prisoner took a room. No. 2, Smith's-court, and lived with Ann Phelps, who was convicted last Session, when I was present—Phelps afterwards took a front-room, two-pair, at 48, Charles-street, and I have seen the prisoner in the room with her—there was no such timber as this in the room when I let it.

Prisoner. Q. Have you ever seen me in the room? A. Once or twice; the first time I saw you there, you were at tea with the female—I was only in the room twice while Phelps lived there, and each time saw you there.






WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint—these thirteen sixpences of William IV. are all counterfeit, and from the mould produced—they are made of Britannia metal, the same metal as this spoon—there are, also, eleven sixpences of Victoria, which were cast in this other mould—there are two impressions in the same mould, one Victoria and the other William IV.—this galvanic apparatus is used for silvering the Britannia metal after it is made into coin—it is also necessary to use acids, but I do not know the nature of them—I know that silver is used, and is dissolved by the acid—I should say the silver leaf now produced is the kind necessary—this piece of glass would be to lay the sixpences on, to form the mould—the sixpence is oiled over, and laid on the glass, a piece of paste-board is placed round the glass, and the plaster poured on to the sixpence.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not live with the woman while she was in Charles-street; when she went there I went to live in Whitechapel; the landlord said at the police station, he only saw me in the room once, and now he says twice; the policeman never saw me in the room; how could he see across a road thirty feet wide, into a room on the opposite side of the way, so as to speak to me; I am brought here to get the reward through the Mint.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
