



975. 




WILLIAM DOWNS



, stealing gold moneys, value 15l.; of 



Thomas Killer from his person.


MR. REED
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS HILLER
. I am a greengrocer, and live in Caledonian-road, Islington. On 24th July, the prisoner and two others came to my shop, between 1 and 2 o'clock in the morning; the prisoner asked for some oysters—I told him I had sold them all, I had none left—they had three bottles of ginger beer, one bottle each—the prisoner said he would give 5l. for some oysters, and he would stand 1l. worth—they then began tossing among themselves—the prisoner appeared to be drunk, the other two were sober—the prisoner lost several times—they laid two pieces under their hand on the counter, so when the prisoner called anything they pulled one off the counter, and shifted them so that the prisoner could not guess right—I thought he was in liquor, and I objected to their tossing—I desired them to leave, and said I would not have them there—the prisoner went out, he left his cane on the counter, and came back for it—the other two remained there—when the prisoner came hack the conversation turned about quoits; the prisoner said he would bet me 50l. to 20l. that I could not throw a quoit fifteen yards—they then all three went outside the door, and I heard the other two say, "We may as well have a new hat a piece out of him?"—the prisoner was ahead of them—I said to my chap in the shop, "They want to rob that man"—I put on my hat and followed them up the terrace—they were all three together then—I was close to them—they began talking about quoits again, and they asked the prisoner to put a sovereign into their hands, and he did so, and they wanted me to put another one with it—I refused, and told them to give the man back his money—after we had passed two or three words they gave the prisoner back his sovereign—the prisoner went on a little distance, and I turned down one of the side streets, and returned back to my shop—I saw the prisoner again on the Monday following, but before he came a strange person came to my shop—the prisoner came in afterwards—he stood looking at my shop, which I was having altered—he walked up to me and said, "I beg your pardon, but was I here on Friday night, or Saturday morning?"—I said, "Yes, and I was very sorry to see the state in which you was—he then said, "I have lost my cane, and I would give 5l. to find it; do you know anything of it? did I leave it here?"—I said, "No, you did not"—he said it was a cane his father gave him, and he should not like to

go home without it—he said be came up from Reading to receive 2,000l. left him by an aunt—he said he should stay about a week, and he did not care about spending all that, for he had got seven times as much when he got back—while we were speaking about that, the person who had been in the shop before, came in—my cart was then at the door—that other person had ordered it to be ready to remove some pictures—the other man then said he had had a letter from the country, and he should not want the pictures removed, nor want the cart till about Friday—the prisoner was there then—the one who wanted the pictures removed then called for a bottle of ginger beer—he said it was very good, and called for another—he gave me a sovereign—I was giving him change, and the prisoner began speaking to him about drinking so much ginger beer—they then began to toss for 6d.,-worth of gin; and the prisoner spoke about a bottle of wine—when they had got the gin in, one of my customers came in and took part of the gin, and went out again—the prisoner then asked the other man to go along with him, as he said he was a stranger—the man said, Yes, he had got nothing to do, he would go anywhere with him—they stood talking between themselves a little while—the cart was still standing at the door, and the stranger proposed to me to go to Copenhagen-fields, as he said there was some horse-racing there—I refused to go, and the stranger left—he said he was going to White Conduit House, or White Conduit-fields—the prisoner proposed to roe to go out in my cart—the other man, who said he was going to White Conduit House, said, "If I am back before you start, I will go with you; or if you are going that way I will meet you on the road"—as soon as that man was gone, the prisoner said to me, "The horse is standing at the door, you may as well go round a little way"—to this I consented, but before leaving my shop I took with me 27l. in gold, nineteen shillings in silver and some halfpence—I took it out, because about two or three months before that I had two sovereigns missing out of my box, and after that 10s.—no one knew anything about this, and I thought I would take the money with me—the prisoner knew that I took it, for he saw me count the money on the counter—I got up in the cart with the prisoner, and went up the Richmond-road—when we got into Barnsbury-road we overtook the stranger—the prisoner touched me on the arm, and the other party came and said, "I am going along with you"—he got up into the cart—the White Conduit House was a very few houses farther up the road, and the stranger said, "Stop here"—I pulled up there, and we went into the parlour—the prisoner called for sixpennyworth of cold gin and water, and the stranger for ginger beer and brandy—I did not have anything then—after I had been in the room a short time, I and the prisoner went out—the prisoner then returned to the room—I returned soon after, and when I returned there was very little in either of the glasses, and I said, "What am I going to have?"—the prisoner then gave me the cold gin and water, and I drank what was left in his glass—the prisoner had got up with the glass in his hand, and held it across the table to me—the other man then said, "Will you drink with me?" and I drank the remainder of the ginger heer and brandy, which was about a wineglass full—I then left the house with the prisoner and the other man—we got up in the cart, and when I got about two or three houses off I felt quite stupified, as if I had lost my senses; I seemed to have no recollection; I just saw the things I passed, and that was all—I took the reins when I got in the cart, but I do not know whether I had them after; I felt stupefied—I do not know how far I went before I stopped again, but we stopped at some public house; I got down there—I felt a little better—I had some

ginger beer there—I could distinguish the ginger beer—I was better then—I did not feel as I did before—I went directly through the house into the skittle ground—the prisoner asked me to have a game of skittles—I said I did not understand the game, and I could not stand up to play—I did not feel so giddy as I did before, but I was weak—I did play—the stranger placed the pins—I felt a difficulty in throwing the ball—I cannot say what the distance was between the pins and where I stood—I could not throw the ball up—the prisoner then asked me to bet with him, and after some time I did—I do not know what the bet was, but I believe I won the bet—I have some recollection of taking the money up—I do not recollect how much it was—we came out of the house, and my cart was not standing where it was; I had to walk some distance to it—I walked between the prisoner and the other man—the prisoner and I then got in the cart—the other man did not get in—they asked me where I wanted to go—I said, "Over the water"—that was where I wanted to go when I first went out—after we had gone some little distance, the prisoner wanted me to go to Shoreditch, to see a female there—I refused to go—the other man was not there, he was gone—the prisoner then said to me, "Go up there," and "Go down there;" and I went through a great many streets according to his direction, but where I really do not know—we stopped at a public house, and the first person I saw there was the mass who wanted the pictures removed—the prisoner leaned over the side of the cart, and spoke to that man; but he did not get into the cart—the prisoner and I then went on, and after going up and down the streets again, we got very near London-bridge—the prisoner then wanted to go down another turning, but I said, "No; I won't be humbugged by you any longer; I know my way now; get out of the cart"—he said, "No; I will not leave you; I came out with you, and I will go home with you"—we then went over the water, over London-bridge, and when we got to Stones' End, in the Borough, he asked me if I had got my money—I said, "Yes"—I do not know whether he said, "Let me see it," or "Have you got it safe?" but I put my hand into my pocket, and I said, "Yes, I have got my money"—I took out a good handful of gold, and, as I was going to put the money back into my pocket, he put his hand into mine, and took the money, and said, "You shan't carry that, you are not in a fit state to carry it; you shall have this when you get home"—he said, "I have got 15l."—he had it in his hand, and he put it in his pocket—we went on to the Walnut-tree in St. Alban's-street, which is just opposite to where I was going to stop—but before we got there, after the prisoner took the gold from me, be put his hand into his own pocket, and pulled out a purse with notes in it—he had something that looked like notes in it; and he wanted me to give him the rest of my gold for his notes—he said, "Give me the rest of the gold for these notes, you will lose it; I will give you the notes for the gold"—I refused giving it to him, and kept driving on—when we got to the Walnut-tree, he got down, and went into the public house—I got down, and put the nosebag on my horse, and fastened the traces, which had come undone—I was better at that time, but I was weak; I had no strength in me—I went into the public house, and the prisoner was coming up the stairs from the skittle ground—the potboy had got the skittle ball in his arms, and was going downstairs—the prisoner said, "Come on down here," and I went down into the skittle ground—the prisoner put the skittle pins up, and we played for some ginger beer and spruce; and I think there was some brandy came in, but I will not swear—the prisoner proposed it, and we played for that drink and a

sovereign—we played that, he won it; and then he asked me to play again, and he put some chalk marks on the table, and he asked me to put down 5l., I did so, and he won it—he said, "Play this way;" and I played according to his direction—I did not understand what those chalk narks were, no more than he told me—he said, as we won we were to rub one of those off, but he rubbed some off before we began to play—I played for 5l., and lost it—he chalked something on the table; and he said "Play again"—I said, "No"—he said, "Yes, come on, play again, post the pony"—and he held bis money out for me to give him 5l.; I gave him that—he took it, and put it into the potboy's hand—the prisoner won that game, and he wanted to play again—I said, "No, I want to go over the way"—I did not play after that.

Q. Did he offer to give you anything? A. Yes; 50l. that was between the last two games, because I did not want to stop any longer—he wanted me to play, and I said, "I have got no more money"—he said, "I will give you 50l. if you want it"—we then played for a bottle of port wine—that bottle was not finished; when we had done playing, there was some left—we gave it away to some persons in the ground—I asked the prisoner for the money he had of me, and he said, "I will give you that when we get home"—then we went across to my friend's—I asked the prisoner several times for the money—he said be would give it me when we got home; and after I had asked him several times, he said he would not give it me at all—the prisoner went with me to my friend's house, whose name is Innes, and it was there that he first refused altogether to give me my money—Innes was present—there were two constables afterwards came, and I gave the prisoner in charge—Innes sent for my sisters, and they sent for the policeman; at least they sent for my father, but he was not at home—the prisoner went into the yard at Innes,' and I saw him try to get over the wall—that, was before the constables came—a young man took hold of the prisoner, and prevented his getting over the wall—that young man is not here.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoner hear the order given for the policeman to he sent for? A. I cannot tell; I did not hear it myself—the prisoner tried to get over the wall before the policemen came, and after they came—he bad one leg over the wall!

MR. REED. Q. How was it you played with him after he took the 15l. from you? A. I did not think he meant to rob me; I thought he was a gentleman—he did not take it from me with my consent—I told him I could do as I liked with my money.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Your were unwilling he should take it, but you let him have it—you did not offer much resistance? A. I told him I could carry my own money—I had 27l. in gold, and 19s. in silver—my young man, George Gray, saw it before I took it out—I left him in charge of my shop—I kept this money in my parlour in a box, which was locked—I thought it safer to take it out, and put it in my pocket—I had lost 2l. out of my box before—I thought it better to trust it in my pocket when I went out with this person I thought a gentleman, than to leave it in the box—I do not think I was out on the day before, on the Sunday—I went to market on the Saturday, and I was in and out amongst my customers—I did not take the 27l. amongst my customers, I took it when I went to market—I do not think I counted the money then, but I took the bag out of my pocket, put it in the box and locked it up when I got home—my friend Innes is not here—I did not think they would be wanted—they could be fetched very soon.


Q. Who are they—why do you say they—I asked you about Innes? A. I did not know that she would be wanted—it is a young lady—I went to see Miss Innes—she lives there with her mother, and her brothers—she is a particular friend of mine—I have kept company with her some time—we had crossed over the way from the Walnut-tree public house to her—I was not going to sleep there—the prisoner and I went over there together, and then, in Innes's presence, I asked the prisoner for the money—I had asked him two or three times for it—I do not know whether it was Miss Innes or her mother who sent for my father—I do not think the person is here who saw the prisoner attempt to get over the wall—he is a young man who lodges in Innes' house—I have not been in the habit of playing at skittles—only twice in my life—I played one afternoon with two young men—before I was a greengrocer I was a boy in a butcher's shop—I took the liquor that had such an effect on me at the White Conduit House, at Islington—there is not a witness for me here from the White Conduit House—it was not me who proposed to have something to drink—I said, "What am I to drink?"—the glasses were on the table—I left the room with the prisoner, leaving the stranger in the room—that was before I said "What am I to drink."

Q. Did you have any wine when you went to Innes's. A. Yes, some port wine; the prisoner paid for it—I had part of it—I do not think it was drunk—it was fetched from the public-house—the prisoner went out, and I went with him—when I asked him for the money, he said, "I will stand a bottle of wine; I will stand a bottle of wine"—I cannot tell whether Miss Innes drank any of it; I do not believe she did—after this drugging at the White Conduit, I cannot tell whether I drove or not till we got to the next public-house—I lost 11l. in gold.





ALFRED WELLS
 (policeman, L 192). On Monday, 26th July, I was called to a house in St. Albans'-street, by two lads—I went, and saw the prisoner in the back yard, in the act of getting over the wall into the next yard adjoining—I went and took him into custody—I told him he was charged with robbing the prosecutor of 15l.—he said be knew all about that; he had the money, but he had not robbed him—he then took this purse out of his pocket, with some gold in it—here is 11l. 10s. in gold, and 14s.6d., in silver, but it was not all in the purse at that time.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know this Innes at all? A. No; I told the prisoner I took him for stealing 15l.—he said, "I know all about that; I have got the money; I will give it him when I get home;" and at the station he said he would give him the 15l. if he would not prosecute.

MR. REED. Q. Did you find any notes on the prisoner? A. None at all.

COURT. Q. You searched him, did you? A. Yes; I found no purse with notes in it; nothing of the kind.

COURT. to
THOMAS HILLER. Q. You say in the Walnut-tree you played for 1l. and some drink, and afterwards for two 5l., and lost all? A. Yes; I paid him in sovereigns.

INGRAM (policeman, L 140). On 26th July I was called into a house, 10, St. Alban's-street—I saw the prosecutor, who said that the prisoner had got his money, and would not give it up to him—I then asked the prisoner whether he had got his money, and he said he had.

COURT. Q. Where was that? A. In the yard; this was before he attempted to get on the wall.

MR. REED. Q. Have you stated all that the prosecutor said when you

went into the house? A. Yes; he only said the prisoner had got his money, and he would not give it up—he mentioned the sum of 15l., and I asked the prisoner whether he meant to give it up—he said he would not, and the prosecutor said he would give him in charge—the prisoner then went from one side of the yard to the other, towards the dusthole—he had in his hand what appeared to be some sovereigns, and he had his hand behind him—he went towards the dusthole, and when he came back I saw that he had nothing in his hand, he came away without it—Wells took him in charge, and I went to the dusthole—I lifted up a piece of carpet that was lying on the top, and I found these medals lying there—here are seven large ones and one small one—I said, "I suppose this is some of the money?"—he said, "No, it is not; you have got nothing at last; it is nothing but whist markers"—we took him to the station, and when he arrived he offered to give the prosecutor 15l. that he had of his money, but be would not give him the 11l. that he won at skittles—he said he would give him the 15l. if he would not charge him—he then took out a purse—he had not been searched at that time, and when he came to open it he had not 15l. in it—there was 11l. 10s. in gold, and some silver and some halfpence—Wells has got it—this is it—the prisoner pretended to be tipsy—he was not so tipsy as he pretended to be—there were no notes found on him.

Cross-examined. Q. He was taken to the station? A. Yes; and there he offered to give the 15l.—the inspecting sergeant, Onslow, was present—he said, "I will give you the 15l. if you won't charge me, but I won't give the 11l. that I won"—I recollected that when I was examined at the police office, but I did not repeat it.

COURT
to
ALFFRED WELLS. Q. Where was the purse produced? A. At the station; I saw it first at the house, in the prisoner's possession, but it was not taken from him till he was at the station.

COURT
to
THOMAS HILLER. Q. Was it this purse that the prisoner had in the cart? A. There were two purses; I cannot swear to this one—he opened one, and I saw notes in it.

PARSONS. I am potboy, at the Walnut-tree public house. I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner come to the house—they played two or three games at skittles—they played for 5l. fagainst 1l., and then they played for 5l. each—they played two 5l. games, and the prisoner won.

Cross-examined. Q. Were they drunk, or sober? A. They were both drunk; the prosecutor did not say anything about the prisoner having got 15l. of his.

COURT. Q. They were drunk, and you served them with a bottle of port wine? A. Yes; I did not see him come over for another bottle afterwards.

COURT
to
THOMAS HILLER. Q. When did you first mention that you had lost 15l? A. At the Walnut-tree—I mentioned it to the prisoner himself—I knew that the sum he took was 15l.—he had it in his hand, and he said, "I have got 15l.," and he put it in his pocket—that was in the Borough-road, near the Borough School.




GUILTY
. † * Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(Several officers stated that the prisoner was a regular skittle sharper, and the associate of thieves.)

Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

