





809. 




JOHN SMITHERS,



 THOMAS SUMMERS
, and 



JOHN POLLETT



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Alfred Wilford, at 
Paddington, and stealing therein 356 yards of Cashmere, 7 yards of cloth, and other articles, value 80l.; his property.


MR. SLEIGH
conducted the Prosecution.






HANNAH WILFORD
. I am the wife of Alfred Wilford, of No. 83, Harrow-road, a leather seller. On 26th July I saw that the doors and windows were all fastened, and went to bed between 12 and 1 o'clock—I was the last person up—about 5 o'clock in the morning I was called up by the police, and found the doors and windows still secure, but there is a partition in the middle of the passage, coming out from the wall, which instead of being in its proper place, I had to push back—it was not in the same state as when I went to bed—it is a door and entrance to the shop by day, and at night is pushed forward to form a partition—it comes from the wall in one solid piece of wood, and separates the shop from the passage—it was partly across the passage—that would enable anybody who was in the passage to get into the shop—it goes from the floor to the ceiling, and runs on castors—it is larger than that dock—the staircase window on the first landing was closed when I went to bed, but I do not know whether it was bolted or not—I observed some little cakes of mud on the sill on the inside in the morning, like what would come off the sole of a shoe, but the window was shut down—the street door was open, and a door of a little passage leading into the kitchen, and communicating with the outside of the house—by opening that door you can get into the passage, and out of the house, or out of the window up stairs—the inner door, out of the shop into a passage, was also open—if a person succeeded in getting through that window they could get into the shop, by moving the partition, but not through the door without breaking it—it is like a street door key latch, when it shuts, it fastens, and cannot be opened without a key; but this was opened from the shop—on going into the shop I found that all the cushions and patent leather were gone—my brother has identified them, they are worth 80l.—there was no appearance of violence to that door—about an inch and a half of candle was left burning—the landing window is rather high from the ground inside,

but there is a closet below, outside, about half a yard below the window—the roof is covered with tiles I think.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. How far is your house from Paddington-street? A. Somewhere about a quarter of a mile.





FREDERICK COOK
 (police sergeant, D 1). On 27th July, about 4 o'clock in the morning, I went to the rear of the prosecutor's premises, and found some steps standing against the back wall which led to the first floor landing—from that wall anybody could easily get to the window—I examined the window, and found a small piece of candle on which persons had trod, and some dirt on the window sill.





WILLIAM NASH
. I am a smith, and live at No. 9, Irongate Wharf, Paddington. On 27th July, about 3 o'clock, I was aroused by the barking of my dog—I got up, and looked out at the window over into a court, and saw a man, whom I believe to be Smithers, with several parcels of goods—he was in a private passage, leading to a public house—he was packing them one on the top of another, as if arranging them to be taken away—they were large parcels with brown paper round them, and looked like cloth or woollen goods, but I could not see what they were, because they were in paper—I put my trowsers on, went down with a light, went out at the street door, round the corner into the passage to the man, and said, "Halloo, what game are you up to here?"—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "I know better than that"—he made a spring to get by me—I seized him by the collar, we had a slight scuffle, and he got away, as I had no shoes or stockings on—I followed him two or three yards, and hallooed "Police! stop thief!"—it was twilight out of doors, but dark in doors—about 10 o'clock in the morning I went up to the police station—two men were brought out, and I said, "To my belief, the short man is the one who I had the encounter with, that was Smithers"—his dress and everything agreed with my description—I have not the least reason to doubt it.

Smithers. Q. Can you swear positively I am the man? A. I will not actually swear to you, but I have not the slightest doubt—you turned to the right towards Paddington-green, and I followed you.

COURT. Q. What sort of a struggle was it? A. He gave me a push and trod on my toes, we were face to face—having no shoes or stocking on, I let him go—we each collared one another.





THOMAS BUNGAY
 (policeman, D 161). On this morning I was on duty in the Harrow-road, eighty or a hundred yards from Mr. Wilford's house, and between 3 and 4 o'clock I saw the prisoner Smithers running off Irongatewharf, in a direction from the passage mentioned—I turned my light on his face and he said, "Have you seen a cab?"—I said, "No"—he said, "A cabman promised to call me up at 3 o'clock"—he went down the Harrow-road walking, and in about five minutes I heard cries of "Police!" I went to Irongate-wharf, where I found Mr. Nash standing beside some property—this is a portion of it (produced)—I have no doubt about Smithers being the man—I had not known him before—the house is in the parish of Paddington.

Cross-examined. Q. There is a cab rank in Paddington-street? A. Yes.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. How far is that from Mr. Wilford's house? A. Three quarters of a mile.





THOMAS OLDING
. I am a baker, of No. 11, Duke-street, Exeter-street, Lisson-grove. On this Friday morning I was in Exeter-street, at 10 minutes to 7 o'clock, and saw a cab stop at No. 3, Exeter-street—the prisoner Pollett was the driver, he got down, opened the door and Smithere

got out, went into No. 3, came out again, and got several parcels out—after that the prisoner Summers got out of the cab. and went into the house, Pollett remaining at the cab door—the parcels were rolls, carelessly wrapped up in brown paper—in the course of ten minutes Summers came out, went into an adjoining street, and in about a quarter of an hour returned with a roll of black cloth under his arm to the same house—the ends of the paper were deficient—while Summers was absent, Pollett drove from that door to the George the Fourth, in Duke-street, that is about the distance of this Court—he had corn for his horses there, and I saw no more of him—Summers came out again, and he and Smithers turned, one to the right, and one to the left, to separate corners by which they both went into the same street, but into different parts of it—it is Devonshire-street—I remained watching them the best part of an hour, during which Smithers returned with some pieces of board under his arm—he came out again alone it might be an hour after, but I was at the corner the best part of the morning, for my station is there, and I saw him talking to an old lady in black—I saw him return to the house, and go in and out four or five times—I did not afterwards give information—I live at the corner of Duke-street, Exeter-street, and I was at the corner in the street, just going to open the shop, on the step of my own door—I was in and out of my shop—I had done my night's work—I could see No. 3, from the window of my shop—about a quarter past 10 o'clock in the morning, I saw the officers go to No. 3, Exeter-street, and saw the prisoners brought out in custody, and I then communicated with the police—I have not the least doubt that the three prisoners are the men.

Summers. Q. What is the business part of your day? A. My work is done in the night; my other business is to attend to the shop—I have nothing to do after half past 6 o'clock in the morning—we take down the door shutters of the shop about half past 6 o'clock—the cab stopped at 10 minutes before 7 o'clock—I saw all this, but had no reason to give information to the police—I did not give evidence against you on the same morning that you were taken, my occupation was at the shop—I came before the Magistrate on Saturday, 4th Aug.—I was sent for that day and then I came—what was the use of my coming before I was summoned?—Sergeant Hazledine did not come into my shop at all on the day you were taken—he came and told me he should want me—that was on the next day, the day after the first examination, the 28th—I cannot leave my shop at all times, it wants looking after—I have no assistant till the after part of the day, and my wife was I very ill—I have a next door neighbour, a policeman, who I expect brought Hazledine to me.

COURT. Q. You gave information the same morning, and saw Hazledine next day? A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Is that next door neighbour the policeman at No. 3? A. No; at the corner of Devonshire-street—I am one door from the corner, the policeman at the second door, and Pollett lives at the other side of the street—I do not know whether it is back or front, or whether it looks into the street at all—all the parcels were covered up with brown paper—the cab remained at the door about a quarter of an hour—I do not remember how long it was at the George the Fourth.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. Could you see of what the parcels taken out of the cab consisted? A. No; I could not see whether the ends were open.





THOMAS HAZLEDINE
 (police-sergeant, D 10). In consequence of information

which I received the morning after the robbery, I went to Mr. Wilford's premises—afterwards on the morning of the 27th, I went to No. 3, Exeter-street, Lisson-grove, accompanied by two officers, Thrush and Chap. lin, about 10 o'clock, or a little after—we went up stairs into the first floor back room; we there saw the three prisoners, and Pollett's wife—they were sitting down smoking, and they had got some beer, or something before them—I saw these boards and a quantity of cloth, now in Court, in papers on the bed—it was all undone, and lying on the bed—this is it (produced); and this paper was lying on the top of it—the cloth was not in rolls, it had been undone—these boards are the boards it had been rolled in; they were lying on the bed with the cloth—I also found this skin of patent leather—I said to the prisoners, "I take you in charge upon suspicion of committing a burglary at Mr. Wilford's, in the Harrow-road"—they all said they knew nothing about it—I then sent Smithers and Summers away by the other officers, and I remained with Pollett—after they were gone Pollett said, "Mr. Hazledine, I will now tell You the truth"—I said, "What you tell me I am bound to tell the Magistrate"—he then said, "The two men you have now sent away, brought a bundle of the cloth each to my cab. at a quarter before 3 o'clock this morning, at the Paddington-street cab rank, and told me to drive to the City; then they asked me to allow them to take it home to my room, and leave it there for a short time"—he said that he drove them to the City, but he did not say where, and of course I did not ask him—he said nothing further—I then took him to the station—I saw the witness Olding, I think, on the Friday morning, I am not sure—I had some information that he had seen something of it, and I went to his house—that was a morning or two afterwards, not that same morning; it was the following week—they were remanded for a week—I did not see Olding till the day before he came to give evidence—I sent him a summons by one of my constables—I first saw him on the Friday week—I am sure of that—they were apprehended on the Friday, and they were remanded till the following Saturday.

Summers. That ought to destroy the last witness's evidence altogether; he said he saw him the next morning. Witness. The first time I saw Olding was the day before the prisoners came up on the first remand—if Olding has said that I came to him the next morning, it is a mistake, it was another sergeant—there were other officers engaged in the case.

Summers. Q. Do you know a girl called Rose Carpenter? A. Yes, I do; she is a prostitute—I know plenty of prostitutes, and thieves too, in the course of my duty—I have no other acquaintance with Rose Carpenter than that which my duty compels me to have.

JURY. Q. You have known Pollett a good many years? A. I have known him about fourteen years.

A JUROR. I have known him for twenty years.





SILVESTER THRUSH
 (policeman, D 190). I accompanied Hazledine to Pollett's lodgings, No. 3, Exeter-street, Lisson-grove—I found the three prisoners in a back room on the first floor; they were sitting smoking a pipe—I saw the property which has been produced, lying on the bed—when they were charged with the robbery, they each said they knew nothing about it—I took Summers to the station house, and another constable took Smithers.

Summers. Q. On the first examination, what were we remanded for? A. To get further evidence; I am not aware that any reason was stated—I did not speak to Olding on the morning you were apprehended, nor did

he speak to me—I did not see him—I did not speak to him at all—sergeant Hazledine spoke to him.





WILLIAM CHAPLIN
 (policeman, D 269). I went to Exeter-street with the other officers—I conveyed Smithers to the station.

Summers. Q. How many policemen took us into custody? A. Three; two more were with us—Olding did not speak to mo that morning.





WILLIAM HOUSE
 (policeman, D 85). I went with the other officers to Exeter-street, on this morning—I accompanied Thrush to the station house, with Summers—as we were going along, I was rather behind Summers—I saw him put his left hand in his left hand pocket, take out two pieces of cloth, and drop them on the ground—I picked them up—these are them.

Summers. Q. How many policemen took us into custody? A. Three in plain clothes, and two in uniform; three entered the house—I and Thrush took you to the station house—Chaplin and another constable took Smithers—I was just behind you when I saw you drop the pieces of cloth—Thrush had got you by your right arm—I did not make any remark when I saw you drop these—I spoke of it to the officer when I got to the station, not in your presence—I mentioned it before the Magistrate in your presence—that might be three or four hours after you were taken into custody—I showed them to my brother officer at the time you dropped them, but made no remark—when you got to the station you were placed in the cell passages—you sat down there on a form—you were hardly two minutes in the inspector's room, for you began abusing the inspector, and he put you out into the cell passage—you might have been there an hour, or a little better—you were taken into the inspector's room one after the other, directly after the goods came—you heard the charge booked—it was read over—Pollett was taken in with you—the charge was read over to you all three before you were locked up.





THOMAS BRISCOE
, I am in the employment of Mr. Wilford I have looked at the property now in Court, and identify it all as Mr. "Wilford's—I left it all safe at ten o'clock the night before the robbery—there are marks on the papers that were round them (pointing them out)—I have measured the lengths, and they correspond—I can safely swear to the property—there is our stock mark on one of these papers, in my handwriting—I am sure this was in the shop that night—the value of the property altogether is 75l. 10s.

COURT
to
THOMAS OLDING. Q. You have heard what Hazledine has said, can you give any explanation? A. I said at the time that it was Hazledine or Cook; I do not know the policemen apart—I do not know the name of the policeman who lives in Devonshire-street—he is of very old standing in the police—it was not Cook—it was to him that I gave information that same morning, not to the policemen that took away the prisoners—it was Hazledine or Cook who came to me the next day—it was Cook who came to me, Hazledine served me with a summons—I know Hazledine now by sight—it was not him who came to me the next day—he served me with a summons I think the day before I was examined, but I am not positively sure—I saw the cloth produced at the police court, and saw the very bundle there that I saw Summers have under his arm—I cannot now say which it is—there are two or three bundles very much alike—it had a piece of brown paper round it, but the ends were open—I have seen Cook here to day—it was he who communicated with me the day after the robbery—I said before it was Hazledine or Cook.

Summers. Q. Have you not seen Mr. Hazledine a number of times

since this case has been on? A. Yes, I have been with him all the week since I have been here—I have seen him constantly.

Prisoner. And yet you said just now it was Hazledine or Cook who came to you. Witness. There is very little difference in the look of the men—they are both stout, and they do not call one another by their surnames but by their Christian names, and though I have been in their company, I might meet them again in half an hour and call them by each other's names—(Cook was here called in)—that is the man I mean.





FREDERICK COOK

re-examined. I went to Olding's on the Sunday morning, the second morning after the robbery.

Smithers' Defence. This man (Summers) will speak.

Summers Defence. On 27th July, I arose from bed at 7 o'clock to look for work, and went to ask for a job of work at the new bridge that they are building at Westminster, but could not get one; I got up to Paddington at 8 o'clock, and met John Smithers a little after, and we went both of us as far as Maida-hill for another job, but was refused; on our road back we were met by a man about 20 minutes past 9 o'clock, that asked us if we wanted a job; we told him we did, and he said that if we went as far as No. 3, Exeter-street, we could get one, as there was some goods there that a man wanted somebody to carry away; we never saw the man before and have not seen him since; we went, and we saw the cabman at the door, and we asked him if he was the man that had some goods to be carried away; he said, "Yes," and we went up stairs with him; he then said that if we carried those goods as far as Oxford-street, we should have 2s. when we got there, and he said that he would not have wanted us, but he had had his cob out all night, and he had just put it up, as he could not keep it any longer; while we were considering his proposal, three policemen in plain clothes came up and said, "You must consider yourselves prisoners on suspicion of stealing this cloth;" we both said that we knew nothing about it; don't you think that had we been the men that stole the cloth, or even knew that it was stolen, we would have locked the door or made some resistance, but we did neither; four policemen then took us two, and we went to the station house; the policeman, No. 10, stopped in the room with the cowman; it is my belief that, from what was said before the Magistrate, he stopped back in that room to get the cab man to put it on to our shoulders, and if he did he would get off; another thing that looks strange is, that the cabman heard the charge booked and we did not, but were called in by the Inspector ten minutes' afterwards, and were told that we were charged on suspicion of stealing the cloth; we were then locked up till 1 o'clock, when we were taken before the Magistrate; on our first examination, the baker that is against us now was not there; we were remanded for eight days, and then he came and gave his evidence; it seems very strange, from the evidence that he gives, that he was not there on the first examination; and from what I have learnt since, I believe he is nothing more than a made witness, for had he seen anything that excited his suspicion, he would certainly have come up the first day; I certainly think that the man that sent us to the house to get the job, must have been in some way connected with this affair; I hope that you will get this case thoroughly examined, as I think the police have got the affair together, because they did not catch the people that did it in the fact; it is a made up thing against me on account of this girl, Rose Carpenter; I kept company with her, and sergeant Hazledine seduced her, and threw her on the town; I had a woman at the police court to prove that I was

sleeping in her room on the night of the robbery, that I went to bed at 10 and got up at 7 o'clock the next morning; she is a hard working woman with a family, and if I had brought her here, her children would have been starving, and I had no money to pay her.

SMITHERS—


GUILTY
.

SUMMERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


POLLETT—


NOT GUILTY
.
(Smithers was further charged with having been before convicted.)





HENRY PYNE
. I produce a certificate—(This certified the conviction of 


John Nicholls, at the Westminster Sessions, in Sept. 1851, of larceny, after a previous conviction, and that he was sentenced to seven years' transportation)—that refers to Smithers—I was present at the trial, and am sure he is the person—he was tried by the name of Nicholls.


GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

