



79. 




WILLIAM KING



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for payment of 20l. 12s., with intent to defraud 



Richard Martineux and others.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MR. RICHARD MARTINEUX
. I am one of the partners in the house of Whitbread and Co.—there are nine partners. On Saturday, 1st Oct., about noon, I received these papers (produced) in an envelope directed "Messrs, Whitbread and Co."—we have a customer named Hugh Hughes—he keeps the Ship and Anchor, Camden-town—I entertained some doubt about the note, and the boy who I found had brought it, was given in charge of the police—he made a statement to me—I do not know Robert Malcolm.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. One of your clerks brought it to you? A. Yes; that was five minutes before the boy was brought to me.






HENRY RIDLEY
. I am twelve years old, and live at 14, Windsor-ter-race, City-road. On 5th Oct., I was going on an errand for my mother, and met the prisoner at the corner of Chiswell-street—he said, "My little man, will you run with this to Whitbreads', I will give you 2d."—I said, "What, sir?" on getting over to the other side of the way with him he brought a letter out of his pocket—this is it (produeed)—he said, if they asked me where it came from I was to say "From Mr. Hugh Hughes, of Camden-town"—he gave me the letter—I was to come back to him at the same places—T took it to Whitbreads' counting-house—the clerk took it of me, in a few minutes Mr. Martineux came and put some questions to me—I gave him an account of how I got it—they took me to the station, and to the police-court—I was remanded to prison, and afterwards let out on bail on Monday morning—this happened on Saturday at twelve o'clock, or a little before—I had never seen the prisoner before—I saw him again about a month afterwards at Baggnige-wells police-court in one of cells—I knew him, and have no doubt he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did the policeman take you there to see him? A. No; one of the officers of the Court—he told me the man had been found, and I was to go and look at him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What passed between you and the officer? A. He said, "Do you think you should know him?"—I said, "I think I should"—he said, "Well, come and see," or, "Come and see him"—I think it was "Come and see him"—he took me into the cell, and said, "Is this the man?"—I was sure he was the man—there was man and a lad a little bigger than me there—the man was taller than the prisoner—the prisoner's dress was different to what he had before—his whiskers were the sane.





CHARLES JAMES TAPP
. I am one of the clerks in the London and Westminster Bank—I have looked at this check—Robert Malcolm does not keep an account there.

Cross-examined. Q. You know all the parties that bank there? A. Yes.





HUGH HUGHES
. I am landlord of the Hope aad Anchor, Camden-road, St. Paneras. This check is not my writing, or that of any person authorized by me; I know nothing about it—I did not send to Whitbreads' for three kilderkins of stout, or for change for this check—I saw the prisoner a week before, in my parlour; he has been there several times, that is all I know of him—I know no one named Malcolm.





HENRY STREET
. I keep the Elephant and Castle, King's-road, St. Pancras; that is the only Elephant and Castle I know in Camden-town. I know nothing about this check on Mr. Malcolm—I know Mr. Hughes—my house is just round the corner from the Hope and Anchor.





JOHN HARVEY
 (policeman, G. 14) I received this letter containing the check from Mr. Martineux on 5th Oct.—(Letter read—"Oct. 5, 1850. Messrs. Whitbread will much oblige Mr. Hughes by giving hearer cash for the enclosed check; it will save the lad going to the city; also by having ready by three o'clock this afternoons three kilderkins of very best stout, when one of Pickford's men will call for it. Direct the casks to E. W. Harriss, Esq., Whetstone, near Barnet") (Check read—Oct. 4, 1850, London and Westminster Bank, pay Hugh Hughes, or bearer, 20l. 12s., Robert Malcolm." Endorsed "H. Hughes.")

( Samuel Phillips, scale-maker, of Vine-street, Hatton-wall; Valentine Bunter, butcher, of 14, Lumber-court; Thomas Hemmings, undertaker, of John-street, Tottenham-court-road; William Ford, artist in cameos, of Woodbridge-street, Clerkenwell; and Robert Glennister, engraver, of 23, William-street, Regent's-park, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner of a precisely similar nature.)

Before Mr. Baron Martin.

