



181. 



EDWARD CHARLES MASTERTON



, stealing, whilst employed in the Post-office, a letter containing money; the property of 

Her Majesty's Post-master General.



MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN FORBES
. I am a messenger to the General Post-office—the prisoner was a clerk there, and was on duty there on the morning of 31st Dec., from 5 till half-past 9—for reasons I had I was noticing him, and saw him feeling the letters as if to find out whether there was any cash in them—about half-put 7 I saw him crumple one up in his left hand, and then go on sorting—I told the President on duty, Mr. Graham—about half-past 9, when the prisoner had finished his division, he went down-stairs to the basement—his duty for that time was done—as he was coming up again adjusting his coat, I stopped him leaving the Inland-office—the men's coats are kept on the basement—I laid hold of him and said the President wanted to speak to him—he gave a slight pull to get away—I said, "He only wants to speak to you"—at that moment Mr. Graham stepped up and asked him to step into a private room—he then said he had been informed that he had something about him which be ought not to have—the prisoner made no answer—he is not deaf—Mr. Graham asked him if he had any objection to be searched—he faintly replied, "No" I then sent for Peak, the officer, who proceeded to search him—I saw him take a letter from his pocket along with his handkerchief, and afterwards he took another letter out of his trowsers pocket, I think—these are them—(produced)—they bear the Inland post-mark of that morning, and ought to hate gone off by the morning mail—they would have come before him that morning it the course of his duty as a sorter.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you understand the business he had to perform? A. Yes; the letters would be stamped at the tables before they came to him—such letters as these would not be weighed—I have ascertained that the penny stamp would cover them—it is the duty of an officer, if he finds a letter over weight, to have it surcharged—he would not have to take it anywhere—there is a balance on the division—he would have to take the letters he thought over weight, and put them on the balance; and if they were over weight, he would tax them; that is done with pen and ink—it would then be put with the unpaid letters, into a box in t division where the prisoner was—we often find over-weight letters—I had had directions some days previously to watch the prisoner, told had been watching him every day to find out something—I did not know that he was in a bad state of health—he answered faintly.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You bad been looking at him some time before you saw the crumpling up of the letter? A. Yes; I did not see him take a pen to charge any letter, or go to any balance—the balance was in the same room, ten or twelve yards off—he had pen and ink—he had no occasion to leave the room to tax a letter.

COURT. Q. You say the balance was ten yards from the place when he was sorting; is that so? A. Yes; there might have been twenty of thirty balances in the room—his own division was as near as any; that was about ten yards off—a sorter might collect all the over-weight letters, and then weigh them; or he might go to the balance immediately—there it is sorter, to whom he ought to take them, to weigh and tax them, but the prisoner would tax them himself—when he was stopped at the door by me, and introduced to Mr. Graham, he did not mention that there were some letters over weight.





GEORGE GRAHAM
. I am one of the presidents of the Inland-office. On the morning of 31st Dec. Forbes made a communication to me, and I went

up to the prisoner, who was about to leave the office; I said I wished to speak to him, if he would follow me into Mr. Bokenham, the superintending president's office; he did so, and I said, "Mr. Masterton, it has been intimated to me that you have something about you which you should not have"—he made no reply—I said, "Have you any objection to be searched?"—he answered very faintly, "No"—I then told Forbes, the messenger, to fetch Peak, who came, and searched; and I saw him produce from his person a letter, with a pocket-handkerchief, and another letter immediately afterwards—one is addressed, "Mr. J. Forward, on board the Defiance cutter, Weymouth, Dorsetshire;" and the other, "Rev. John Smith, Moravian-chapel, Devonport"—the prisoner said, "I am sorry you should see me in this position; I belong to a most respectable family, and I believe it will be the death of my wife; she has no other relation on earth but myself; I cannot think what induced me to do it, it must have been infatuation."

Cross-examined. Q. From the mode in which you speak, I suppose you are well acquainted with him? A. I am; I have known him ever since he has been in the office, four years—I only know from hearsay that he has wife and a large family—he has been frequently absent from the office on the plea of ill-health—he was not an officer on whose exertions we could rely; we could get no exertion from him.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a constable attached to the General Post-office; I searched the prisoner, and found these letters, one in the inward pocket of his coat, and the other in his left-hand trowsers pocket—they were crumpled up, but the seals were not broken—they were opened before the Magistrate, by his direction—there was one shilling in the one addressed to Mr. Forward—it was sewn into this little bit of silk—one stamp would carry it—there would be no extra weight—in the other letter there was one shilling and a threepenny piece.





HANNAH FORWARD
. I live at Palporrow, in Cornwall. I had a son, named Joseph, on board the revenue-cutter Defiance, lying off Weymouth—this letter is my writing—I sent it to him—I put one shilling in it, sewed in a bit of silk, with a bit of selvage at the end—my daughter sealed it in ray presence—it was written on 28th, and I posted it on 30th.

COURT
to
MR. GRAHAM. Q. Suppose the letter had been posted at Cornwall on 30th Dec, when would it arrive at the office in London to pass through to another place? A. On the next morning, the 31st.

COURT
to
MR. FORBES. Q. How many sorters were engaged at that table? A. From thirty to forty; the letter might have got into their hands as well as the prisoner's—I was instructed to look at the prisoner in the act of sorting.
(George Webb, pawnbroker; James Webb, tobacco-pipe maker, of 9, Portland-street, Soho; Robert Moxhay, house agent, of Queeris-road, Bayswater; Enoch Hodgkinson, schoolmaster, of Cripplewood; Henry Pavey, surgeon, of Maida-hill; and George Stacey, Secretary to the City of London Literary and Scientific Institution, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury.—



Transported for Seven Years
.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

