




1827. 




CHARLES WHICHER
 was indicted 

(with a man, named 

Winter, not in custody) for stealing 1 box, value 5s.; 2,000 yards of mousseline-delaine, 50 yards of merino, and other articles, value 147l.; the property of the 

London and South-western Railway Company:
 and 



JOHN SAYWARD,



 feloniously receiving the same.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






EMILE DE LEAL
. I am a clerk, in the employ of Messrs. Paturle, Lupil, and Co., manufacturers of mousseline-de-laine and merinos, at Paris. On 17th Feb. I was entrusted to make up a case of mousseline-de-laines and merinos for Messrs. Candy and Co.—I made the entry in my own writing, and put into the box thirty-four pieces of mousseline-de-laine of various colours, and two pieces of merino—the box was then taken down-stairs, into the lower room, and weighed—I took the weight of the goods from the scale, and put it down in ny book—the box was afterwards taken to the Douane, where the goods were examined by the Customs' officers, and the box was corded and leaded; I made out this invoice (produced), and gave it to the carrier—the mark on the box was "C. C. & C. 704"—I did not see it put into the cart—I left it there—it was in course of transmission for Havre—the pieces of merino were of a very valuable character, of very fine texture, and only made on order—we received the order to make this from Messrs. Caady and Co.—we do make it for other persons.





DENIS HALLA
 (through an interpreter). I am clerk to Messrs. Vereland and Co., shipping agents, of Havre, at the Rouen and Havre Railway. On 20tb Feb. last I had a case marked "C. C. & C. 704" taken to the Custom-house before shipping—it was opened in my presence, and I saw that it contained merinos—I saw it shipped on board the Wonder, for Southampton.





JOHN LEVY
. I am superintendent of the baggage-warehouse at the Southampton Docks, in the sight-floors. I gave the necessary instructions

for landing the case marked "C. C. & C. 704" from the Wonder—it was examined by Mr. Batt, the Custom-house officer, in my presence—it contained mousseline-de-laines and merinos—I saw it being turned out of the loop-hole into the railway-wagon.





JOHN SCOTT
. I am foreman of the goods-warehouses, Southampton Docks. On 21st Feb. a box marked "C. C. & C. 704" came into the warehouse, from the Wonder—I saw the case opened, and also nailed up again, and delivered into the railway-wagon No. 143, with "C. C. & C. 704" remaining on it—I saw it placed on the wagon, and afterwards saw the wagon covered over—it was then in the far-end of the wagon—the wagon remained in the dock—previous to being tied down, we put some more goods in—it was then removed to the turn-table.





JOHN BROWN
. I am examiner of vehicles to the London and Southwestern Railway Company. On 21st Feb. wagon 143 started by the 7.40 train—it formed a portion of that evening's train to London—it would arrive in London about 2 o'clock in the morning.





HENRY WATTS
. On 21st Feb. I made out the way-bill for the 7.40 train—this is it—(read—"7.40 train, Feb. 21, 1851; wagon 143, consignees Candy and Co; Watling-street; one package, case marked C. C. &c. 704;") then follows the weight and price—a way-bill does not always include all the packages sent by the same conveyance—I omitted to put down on that way-bill another parcel marked "M. L."—I believe it was sent, although it was not in that way-bill.





JAMES POULTER
. On the night of 21st Feb. I was guard of the 7.40 train—it arrived at Nine Elms at 1.50—it is my duty to see the wagons all properly tied up before they leave the station, and to see them delivered on the siding—I delivered the trucks to the siding in a complete state, the same as I received them—we put the way-bills into the delivery-office—Mr. Treacher, the clerk, is there—it may be that he is not there sometimes when we leave the way-bills, but not very often.





PETER KENDAL
. I am night-watchman, in the service of the Southwestern Railway Company, at Nine Elms. I remember the night goods-train coining in on 21st Feb.—there are two departments, the carriers' side and the Company's side—I know a man named Winter—he was on duty on the Company's side—that would give him access to the goods when they arrived by the goods-train—I had nothing to do with the unloading—I believe Winter was foreman of the gang.





GEORGE TREACHER
. I am night-clerk, at Nine Elms station. On the morning of the 22nd Feb., about 3 o'clock, Poulter, the guard of the goods train, gave me the packages containing the way-bills—sometimes there are two or three way-bills from each station, sometimes but one—it was my duty to enter the way-bills into the Company's books, and to make an abstract of the market goods, and then they would be delivered by Chaplin and Horne's wagon, according to the directions—I have an office there—the way-bills are left in the office—I am present, and take possession of them directly—anybody can come in and lay them down, or deliver them to me—I enter them in this book (produced)—there is no entry here of any parcel directed to Noone, or Moore, of Finsbury—Winter was in the employ of the Company at this time, to check the way-bills off, and see that the articles on the waybills were correct, to compare them with the way-bills, and see that the goods in the trucks were entered in the way-bills—on the morning of the 22nd, between 4 and 5 o'clock, I delivered all the way-bills to Winter—here is a copy of the way-bill of the "C. C. and C." case in my book—Winter made

a communication to me—search was made for that case, but ft could not be discovered.





WILLIAM PALLINGER
. I am clerk to Messrs. Chaplin and Horne, at Nine Elms station. It is my duty to make out the different carters' delivery-bills—we make out the ticket from the way-bills—on the morning of 22nd Feb. I made out this delivery-bill for Garrod, the carter—it is called a carter's delivery-bill; it is what the carter takes with the wagon, and upon which he receives the acknowledgment of the consignee, to whom the goods are sent—I find here a parcel for Noone, of Finsbury—the entry is, "Chiswick—Noone, Finsbury, 1 box, price 1s. 8d.;" after which there is a blank space left for the name of the party who acknowledges the receipt, which is the voucher to the carter for the delivery, and he brings this back to me, signed by the person to whom he ought to have delivered the goods, which is the voucher to me that they are delivered—I got this back from Garrod, the carter.





HENRY GARROD
. I live in Goldington-street, St. Pancras'-road. On 22nd Feb. I was City carman to Chaplin and Home—on that day, at 6 o'clock in the evening, I delivered a box from the railway, as by this waybill—it was directed in the name of Noone, 22, Earl-street, Finsbury-square—when I got home I told the clerk it was not the name of Noone—there was a zinc plate on the house, with the name of "Plampin" on it—I delivered it to a woman I have seen since, Mrs. Plampin.





WILLIAM PLAMPIN
. In Feb. I carried on business as a tailor at 22, Earl-street, Finsbury. I was tried at the last Winchester Assizes, and am under sentence of transportation—after my conviction I made a communication to the governor of the gaol—I was very uneasy in my mind—I have known the prisoner Whicher about two years—he was a greengrocer and coal-merchant, and lived at 14, Church-row, Aldgate—I knew a man named Winter, in the employ of the South-western Railway Company—on Saturday morning, 22nd Feb., between 12 and 1 o'clock, Whicher and Winter came to my house—they both asked me if the box had arrived—I said I knew of no box coming—they said there would be one arrive in a minute or two—they wanted something to eat, and Whicher went out and got some eggs—I was at work; and Whicher said, "You are busy at work"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Oh, d—n the work! there wilt be a box here presently will pay you a great deal better than that; it will pay you 20l. or 30l. "—they remained till about 4; but the box did not arrive during that time, and they left—before they left, Winter said the box would be in the name of Noone, that it was coming from the Nine Elms Station by Chaplin and Home's, and it was wrapped over in a piece of coarse sheeting, he called it, and as soon as it arrived I was to let Whicher know that he might let Winter know of its arrival—Winter said there was a box come up that morning marked "M. L.," I believe it was, and it was unentered, and that was very favourable to him, but he would not have anything to do with it, as he thought it was some shingle stuff for the Exhibition, but it was a favourable opportunity for him to have this one, marked "C. C. & C."—Whicher said he knew the firm it was consigned to, and he had no doubt it contained either silks or satins—Winter said that when it came up he went home, and got this wrapper and wrapped it round his body, took it into the station, and made out a way-bill for the box, and handed it with the other bills to the clerk—he took the wrapper off, and put it round the box in the truck it had come in, and there was no name on the wrapper, but he had put a direction in the name of Noone on a card tied to the cord it was corded with—he said he lodged the way-bill in the office, and he afterwards got this one out again and burnt it—the box arrived between 6 and 7

in the evening, and my wife took it in—it was directed as I was told it would be—I went the same evening to Whicher at the Mitre, Mitre-street, Aldgate—I told him the box had arrived—he went home, put on his hat and coat, and said, "Come along with me," and I went with him to Fenchurch-street, where he called a cab, and we went to a beer-shop at Nine Elms, and he asked the landlord to send for Winter—Winter came, and was told of the arrival of the box—we remained together a few minutes, then went down to Vauxhall-bridge where the cab was left, and went home—I was at home the, next day, Sunday—Whicher came about 9, took the wrapper off the box, and I assisted him to open it—after the wrapper was taken off, there was a direction, "C. C. & Co.," on it, and some figures, but I cannot recollect what they were—Winter was not present; I believe my wife was—the box contained thirty-four pieces of Paris de laines (the tickets attached to each piece were marked), and two pieces of Paris merino—they were all counted, taken out of the box, and packed on my drawers in the back-room for that evening—Whicher took two pieces out, and said one would do for himself, and one would do for me—they were both put together; one was green, and the other maroon—they were both taken from my house on the Monday evening when the others were taken—Whicber came the next evening, and packed up these two pieces by themselves, and took them to the Mitre—Winter came about 10 on the Sunday, and there were patterns taken of the other pieces, and he said he could take them to a man to see if he could sell them; and he took them away—I met him the same day in Crown-street, and be told me Abrahams and Myers were coming to look at these goods at 2 at my house—he had not mentioned their names to me before—I knew them—I said I would not have them coming there on a Sunday—I had a gentleman and his wife and son and another lady lodgers in my house—they were generally at home—I said I would not have them come on the Sunday, because I did not wish them to come to my house at all—I went the same day to the Mitre with Whicher, and Winter was there first—Abrahams and Myers came in afterwards—Abrahams wanted to know what they wanted for the merinos and de laines, and 1s. was asked—I believe I asked that myself—I am not exactly confident that that was in the presence of Whicher—in the course of the afternoon, Whicher said he wondered whether George Senior would buy, and said to me, "You had better go there, and take him some patterns"—Senior keeps the Black Dog, in Sun-street, Bishopsgate—I went there in the evening, saw Senior, and left the patterns with him—in consequence of what he said to me, I went the next morning to him—he promised to take me somewhere, but did not—I called again on the following day, Tuesday, and again on Wednesday—on the Friday morning I received a message, in consequence of which I went to Senior's house, and found Senior and the prisoner Sayward in the bar-parlourboth looking at the patterns—Say ward asked me what I wanted for them—I said, "1s. a yard"—I had never seen him before—he said he would not give 1s.; he would write on a bit of paper what he would give me, and he wrote the figure "8"—I said, "You must give me another 1d. a yard for it"—he said he did not mind giving me 1d. a yard extra for the two pieces of black merino, but not for the others—he asked how many yards there were in each piece, and I said they were marked 58 on the ticket—he said he should like to see a whole piece, and I fetched the two pieces we had taken to the Mitre—I showed them to him—he said they were generally short measure, and they were reckoned at 56 yards to each piece instead of 58—Senior then fetched a little book, I think it was called a ready-reckoner, and said to Sayward, "What do you make it come to?"—Senior said he

made it come to 1l. 17s. 4d. each piece at 8d.; and Sayward said he made it come to the same—I made a bargain with him for him to take the twenty-eight pieces of de-laine and the two pieces of merino at 8d. a yard, and 9d. for the two pieces of black; they came to 56l. 5s.—the black contained only 30 yards—no price was mentioned to take them by the lump—after the bargain had been made, Sayward said to Senior, "How shall we get them down there?—I said, I would send a man down with them with a cart—Sayward said that would not do, and I said I would bring them—he said, "What time will you come?"—I said when it would suit him—he said I had better go about 8 o'clock in the evening—this was on Friday, 28th Feb.—he gave me his address—it was No. 8, some place, I forget the name, but it was eight doors from the turnpike in the Commercial-road—Vincent, a carman, of Stepney-green, called at my house for the goods, by Whicher's order, and took them in his cart, and they were left at his house—Whicher kept the two pieces that I have spoken of—I was present with Whicher and Vincent when the goods were delivered at Say ward's—we got to Vincent's about 7 in the evening, and as soon as he came with the cart, the goods were pot in—I cannot say exactly, but we got to Sayward's about a quarter or twenty minutes past 8—Whicher was in the cart, but got out when we got to the turnpike, and we took the goods to Sayward's shop—Sayward was there, and said he would meet roe at Senior's, at 10 that night, for the purpose of paying me part of the money—I then went back in Vincent's cart, and we took up Whicher in the New-road, I believe it is called, which runs from Commercial-road into Whitechapel-road; and him and me went and took the other six pieces, that had not been sold, to Hornbin, who keeps the Mitre—they remained there till we left, and Whicher took part of them away; and I believe I took the two pieces in my wrapper that had been before selected—we then went to Senior's, and got there about 10, as near as possible—Sayward was there, and he paid me 15l. in gold, and 5l. in silver—he asked me for a receipt, and wrote this one produced—I put the name of Romney to it, which was the name on the cart—(read—"Feb. 28, 1851.—Mr. Sayward, Bought of H. Romney. Job lot—de-laines, 60l.—By cash 20l., same time. H. Romney. Settled.")—I put the name of H. Romney, because I did not wish him to know my name—I do not know what particular motive I had—I had no other motive, I believe—the "60l." was not on the receipt when I put my name to it; I will swear that—Sayward said he would meet me there that day week, to pay me the other part of the money—he told me he had looked at the goods, and asked me why I did not take the tickets off; and said he should have to sit up very nearly all night to get the tickets off, and get them ticketed afresh, fit to go into his stock—they were ticketed with tickets of the description of this one (produced)—I got 10l. more on the night that he promised to meet me again at Senior's; he paid me himself—he said he should not be able to let me have any more till after the 17th March—I went down about that time and got 2l.; and about a week or ten days after, I got the remainder, 24l. 5s.—that last payment was made at Sayward'g house—he said he had sold the two pieces of merino, and if I had anything else to bring I was to take it to the shop where he paid me, and not to the other shop where I had delivered the first goods—one shop is a little lower down than the other, but they communicate.

Q. How was this money divided? A. I asked Whicher what I should do with the first money; in fact, I offered it to him, and he said, "You had better keep it till Winter comes down"—I did so, and he kept 5l. himself, and gave Winter 10l., and I had the two pieces of de-laine—the 2l. I had

myself; the 10l. was paid to Winter; and 10l. of the 24l. 5s. was paid to Winter, 8l. to Whicher, and I had the rest 6l. 5s. myself.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT WILKINS. Q. When you first saw Say ward, did not you say they were a job lot of goods that you had to sell for another person? A. I did not—I have never said so, to my knowledge—I swear I have not said anything to that effect, to the best of my belief—I swear I did not—I said I had them to sell for another person, but the job lot I never mentioned—I swear I did not represent myself as an agent; I did not state I was in the habit of effecting sales for other people—Mr. Senior was present during the whole of the conversation at his house—Say ward's shop was open when I took the goods, and he was there, and his brother, and an elderly gentleman, who I presume to be his father—I believe there was one customer—I cannot say whether there were any shopmen—it was within a very short distance of the turnpike—there was gaslight—when I went to Senior's at 10 o'clock, I went into the bar-parlour; there was no one there but Senior, Sayward, and myself—you are obliged to go through part of the bar to get there—there was a barmaid at the bar—I have known Senior four, five, or six years—he has kept this house about three years—it has the appearance of a respectable house, as far as I know—it is well frequented by the lower orders—when I exhibited these goods for sale, Say ward disputed their being wool; but he afterwards said he believed they were—I believe I went to his place three times for money—I am satisfied I went twice.





MART PLAMPIN
. I am last witness's wife; I have known Whicher about two years and a half; I know Winter. On Saturday, 22nd Feb., about 1 o'clock, Whicher and Winter came to our house and asked if there bad been a case come—I said there had not—my husband was at home at work—they had eggs and bread and butter to eat, and remained till about 5—they said the box was coming by Chaplin and Home's, from the South Western Railway, and it was for Mr. Noone—Winter said it was the property of Candy and Co.—he said there was another case, marked "LM S," but he did not like the look of it, that it was straw or hay at the top, and he thought it was some shingle intended for the Exhibition—I was in and out during the time they were there—between 6 and 7 a case came in one of Chaplin and Home's carts, addressed "Mr. Noone, to be left at Mr. Plam pin's, 22, Earl-street, Finsbury, till called for" it was covered with unbleached calico—I paid the carter 1s. 8d., and gave him 2d. for himself—I signed the bill (looking at a bill handed to her)—this is what I wrote, "Noone"—I saw Whicher the next morning, and he opened the case—my husband was present—under the calico there was a wooden box, and when that was opened there was a few shavings, and the rest was mousseline-de-laines and merinos—they were various colours—one black one was so fine that it was like a silk—Winter came afterwards—Whicher cut some patterns—the goods were taken out of the box and packed up on a chest of drawers in the bed-room—Whicber came on the Monday, and said that Vincent must take them away, they must not remain there—they were put into another box, and wrapped up in the same wrapper, and my husband, Whicher, and Vincent took them away in a cart—my husband afterwards gave me a piece of maroon and a piece of blue mousseline-delaine—the maroon I gave up to inspector Brannan, and the blue I took to my husband's brother when my husband was in trouble, and I believe it was destroyed.





WILLIAM VINCENT
. I live at 14, Mapp's-row, Stepney-green, and am a carman—I know Whicher and Plampin—Whicher was a greengrocer, and kept a coal-shed in Church-row, Aldgate—I saw Whicher and Plampin in Feb.,

I cannot say the exact day—they asked me to remove some goods from Plampin's house—I agreed to do it, and brought away a box and a large bundle with a cord round it—Plampin and Whicher put them into my van, and we then all went to my house, where the parcels were left for two or three or it might be four days, when they asked me to move them to Mr. Sayward's; I did so—they both went with me, bat Whicher left us at the New-road, a short distance from the turnpike—after the goods were delivered we picked up Whicher again a short distance off Sayward's house, and we went to the Mitre.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you keep carts? A. No; my master does, Mr. Samuel Howard—the goods came to my house in the fore-part of the week, it might be Monday, or it might be Tuesday—they left my house in the evening, about 8, between 7 and 8, or between 8 and 9 o'clock—it was dark at the time—I have known Plampin about a year and a half—I believe he is a tailor—I did not know Senior before I saw him at the Court—I did not carry any gold dust.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT WILKINS. Q. But you bad carried goods for Plampin before? A. Not to my recollection—I will not swear I have not done so three or four times—I cannot recollect carrying any goods for him before that time—my master did not know I was carrying these goods—I cannot swear I have not carried any before—I might have carried things for him at different times, not knowing what it was for, or anything about it—I might have carried goods for him four times before—it was not generally in the evening—I have seen him in the day as well as the evening—I never carried goods for him at any other time than this that I am aware of—I do not recollect carrying goods for him as many as four-times before—I cannot say—I took the box into Mr. Sayward's shop.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-inspector, G). On 26th July I went to Whicher's house, 14, Church-row, Aldgate, and told Mrs. Whicher that I was a police-constable—while I was speaking to her Whicher came to the door—his wife said something to him which I did not hear—he had two live ducks in his hands, which he put down in the passage, and walked hurriedly up towards the end of the court away from me—I followed, stopped him, and took him into custody—I told him I belonged to the police—he said, "Yes, I know it"—I told him I took him into custody for stealing a quantity of merinos, and other articles of drapery, the property of the South Western Railway Company—I took him back to his house—he paused for about a minute, and then said, "I know nothing about it myself"—I sent for inspector Field, and in company with sergeant Shaw I searched the house—in a room up-stairs I saw Mrs. Whicher pull down three dresses, which bung behind the door, and throw them down-stairs—this is one of them (produced)—in a chest of drawers I found a piece of merino, of the same colour as the dress; I produce it—I saw Mrs. Whicher take two pieces off a drawer and press them in the folds of her dress, and I took them from her hand (produced)—on the next day, Sunday, 27th July, I accompanied inspector Field to Sayward's house, and law Sayward—he said be could not find the invoice, but would endeavour to do so in the afternoon, and it was agreed I was to call the following morning, which I did, between 8 and 9 o'clock, and received this one, which has been read—he said he had had some difficulty in finding it among his papers, he was sorry for putting me to the inconvenience of calling another time—I gave it to Field.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Does the green dress appear to have been worn? A. Yes.


Cross-examined by
MR. SERGEANT WILKINS. Q. How many times did yon go to Say ward's house? A. Twice; the first time was Sunday—Field had been before, and it was in reference to some inquiry Field had made about the invoice, that Say ward said be could not find it then, but would endeavour to do so against the next day—I was not in my uniform, Field told him I was an inspector of police—I was alone when I called on 28th—I did not make any search—I bad received a box the day before, and marked it; he voluntarily gave it to me—it contains some of the property—I do not know whether it is the original box in which the goods were packed.





FREDERICK SHAW
 (policeman, A 29). On 26th July, I went with Brannan to Whicher's house—Brannan was there about two minutes before me, and when I got there Whicher was in custody—I saw Brannan find the articles produced—I went into the bedroom, and found the maroon dress produced in a bureau-bedstead, the doors of which were closed.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was Brannan there at the time? A. Yes.





CHARLES FREDERICK FIELD
. I am an inspector of the detective police. On 26th July I went with Brannan to Whicher's house—I left Brannan there, and went to Say ward's shop, in the Commercial-road—I said, "I want to speak to you on some private business"—he said, "Come to the back of the shop"—I said, "My name is Field, I am an inspector of the detective police; from information I have received I understand you have purchased a quantity of mousseline-de-laine and merinos, of a certain party"—he hesitated for some time, and then went and called his brother—I stated the same thing to his brother, and said, "I don't want to use a search-warrant, provided you show me the articles"—the prisoner said, "Well, I did purchase some goods of a party"—I said, "Let me look at them"—we then retired into the back-parlonr, the prisoner brought out these nine or ten pieces (produced), and laid them on the table; I took them away—I said, "Have you any more?"—he said, "No, we have not"—I said, "Are you sure of it, now?"—he said, "You have got every yard of it"—I then asked him who he purchased them from; he said from a man named Plampin—I said, "Do you know him?"—he said, "Yes, I was introduced to him at Mr. Senior's public-house, called the Black Dog;" that he had been out one day collecting his rents in Bethnal-green, had called round at Mr. Senior's, and had a glass of ale, and Mr. Senior called him inside the bar-parlour, and showed him some patterns of merinoes and mousseline-de-laines, and said, "Can you do anything with these?" and he said, "If I can buy them under the market-price, I have no objection to purchasing them"—I asked him whether he knew Whicher, he said he did not; I asked him whether he ever purchased anything of a man named Whicher, he said he never did—I then asked him whether he had got an invoice of the goods, he said he had—I asked him for it; he went to look over some papers, and said he could not find it—I said, "I will call to-morrow, in the afternoon, and perhaps you will be able to find it in the course of that time;" we counted the number of pieces we had, and when we came away I said, "Now Mr. Say ward, have you any more of this property?" he said, "No, I have not"—he said he bought them he believed for about 57l., and had paid him 20l. down, and the rest was paid by instalments—I took the goods away, and called again on the Sunday; he said he had been looking for it every where, and could not find it—I afterwards received the invoice from Brannan; this is it (produced)—on the Wednesday following, I went again with Mr. Young, the superintendent of the South Western Line, and Mr. Wilson, the managing man, from Messrs. Candy's; we saw

Sayward—I said, "Mr. Sayward, I have brought this gentleman," painting to Mr. Wilson, "who is able to identify the property, and I have reason to believe you have some more;" he said, "I have no more, you had it all when you were here before"—I said, "Let us go into the shop, and look over the stock"—we went in, and he said, "If I have any more, it is more than I know"—he then went behind the counter, and pulled out some of the goods which were tied up in paper; these are them (produced)—they were some under the counter, and some in one paper, and some in another, and one piece was at the side—he took them all about the same time, put them on the counter, and Mr. Wilson identified them—Mr. Young said to me, "There was some black;" I said, "Where is your black?" Sayward said, "We have not got it, we have sold it all, there were two pieces" I said, "Let us have a look; where do you keep the black?" he went to another part of the counter, and produced some black; Mr. Wilson immediately put his hand on one piece and said, "That is ours;" Sayward said, "I did not know we had got it, I thought it was sold, I sold it for 4s. 11d. per yard"—I took him into custody on the Friday; on searching him I found several letters, and a written paper.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT WILKINS. Q. The first time you went was Saturday? A. Yes; I went again on Sunday, on Wednesday, and on Friday—I did not make use of a search-warrant—I did not say I would the first time I went—I said, "I don't want to use a search-warrant, provided you produce the goods to me"—when the goods were produced, they were produced from under the counter—there were a good many other goods produced—these were amongst them—some of the goods he produced did not belong to Candy and Company.





THOMAS BENT
 (policeman, V 95). I was employed by the London and South-Western Railway Company. I have been their police-superintendent since 1847—I accompanied Inspector Field to Say ward's and heard what took place between him and Sayward—I know Winter—he was formerly in the employ of the Company as foreman of a gang—I have been looking for him to apprehend him, but have not been able.





CHARLES WILSON
. I live at 4, Watling-street, and am manager to Messrs. Candy and Co., of 4, and 5, Watling-street—Mr. Candy's Christian name is Charles—they import foreign goods, and things of that kind, and have a correspondent in Paris, Faturle, Lupil, and Co.—they are manufacturers of mousseline-de-laine and merinos—on 18th Feb., I expected a box containing mousseline-de-laines and merinos—if they had arrived according to advice, they ought to have arrived on Saturday morning, 22nd Feb.—they did not arrive, and they have been paid for by the South-Western Railway Company—I accompanied the officers to Say ward's house—I said, "Mr. Sayward, among the goods sent to us, there were two pieces of blue, and I have not seen any blue amongst these, perhaps you will produce them"—he said, Yes, there were two pieces he believed, but be had not got them, he bad given up every yard to the officers when they were last in his house—after some conversation the officer told him he had better produce what he had got—he hesitated, and said he had not got any of it, and repeated that several times—ultimately a parcel was produced, among which was a piece of blue which I recognized as part of our property—this is a piece of it (produced)—here are about seventeen and a half yards of it which I recognize as the same make as the Paris house—after he had pulled out several pieces of mousseline-de-laine, I said, "Among this lot were two very rich pieces of merino, perhaps you can find some of that also?"—Oh!" said he, "by-the-by there were two rich pieces, but I have sold them long ago at 4s. 11d. a

yard"—I said, "Why our wholesale price is 10s. 6d. a yard"—he said, "Well; I am no judge of French merinos, there was a question and discussion between me and my brother whether it was a cotton warp, but I said at last it was a Coburg"—I said, "If you are not a good judge of French merinoes, you are of Coburg, to sell that at 4s. 11d. a yard"—Coburgs are not in our trade, but they are made from 1d. a yard upwards—I believe there are Coburgs sold as high as 4s. 11d., but I do not profess to know anything about it—I said, "Perhaps you have got some black stock in your shop"—he said, "Yes; I have"—I said, "Produce it, and let me have a look at that"—the shop is dark—it is a tally-shop, and has curtains—the black stuff was produced—I found this piece, and recognized it immediately—it could not be mistaken for cotton warp at all—it is not like Coburg at all—Coburg is half cotton—the wholesale price of this black in London is 10s. 6d.—the order had been for certain colours and numbers—I have examined all these, and believe them to be part of the order—the mousseline-de-laines are worth 17d. wholesale price—Paturle, Lupil, and Co. are considered the best makers in the world—in retail business the tickets are always left on—they indicate the number of the piece, the length, the colour, and the price—I am not aware whether they would take them off in a retail shop when sold, but generally in Paturle's make they leave the mark on, because people are glad to know that they are Paturle's make—I have examined the whole of these pieces—the marks an taken off all of them—we always sew on in white thread the selvage of a piece—I should say that custom would not be known to anybody, but a dealer—I have looked for the mark, and find on all the whole pieces delivered up to me a portion of the selvage has been taken off—the end of the piece ought to have come to the fold, whereas the piece, has been torn off all along, which would take off the piece sewn with white thread—I cannot form any opinion of those pieces which have been cut—I have not calculated the value of the merino produced from his shop—the value of the whale order was 147l., or very near 150l.—there was no duty—they are free goods.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT WILKINS. Q. How much black goods were there in the shop besides that piece? A. He produced, I suppose, about ten times the quantity of this black; he did not produce the black as soon as I asked for them; he hesitated—as soon as Field said, "Produce your black goods," he produced them—the rest of the goods were taken from different parts of the shop—every parcel he brought out contained our goods.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were the bulk your goods? A. Perhaps one parcel had two pieces in it; they were not all our goods, but in each parcel there was something of a different quality and kind—our goods were divided between a number of different parcels—he produced three or four pieces, among which there were two blues, one I rejected altogether, and this I said belonged to us—there was nothing to strike my attention in the others.





EMILE DE LEAL

re-examined. I have examined all these articles, and believe them to be a portion of the merinos and mousseline-de-laines I packed up and sent to Candy and Co.—here is a mark at one end—all our pieces are cut in two; that indicates that it is our manufacture—they are all ticketed in this way, and have our private mark, which indicates that it is our workmanship—these two gowns are of the same quality and description as the other pieces—I believe them to be our workmanship, but there is no mark, it is of the same quality, description, and colour.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. They are both very common colours, are they not? A. We have more of the green than of the other—we send a very large quantity to this country—their having been worn makes

it still more difficult to know whether they ate our manufacture; I do not say positively that they are.

The following witnesses were called for Sayward.





CHARLES SMEDHAM BURN
. I live in Friday-street, Cheapside, and am agent to five manufacturing houses. I have known Sayward eight years, and have had a great many transactions with him, and always found him honest.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What are the transactions you have had with him? A. Selling manufactured goods, Bradford, and Coburgs, and other goods; I have only sold him one parcel of Coburgs—Coburgs are worsted goods—this piece of blue (looking at it) might be mistaken for a very fine Coburg; I should mistake it for a Coburg myself, without examining the warp; I say that on my oath—I have sold Coburgs as high as 2s. 6d.; I never sold them at 4s. 11d.—mine are a lower class of goods—I did not know Sayward in 1841—I knew him when he lived eight doors beyond the turnpike in the Commercial-road; I think it was Hereford-place—I never heard of a robbery from Hosey, of Miller's-wharf, or from some people named Miller—I never heard of people named Levine or Bateman.





DAVID SMITH
. I am managing clerk to Beaumont and May, and live at 3, Wood-street, Cheapside. I have known Sayward thirteen years—he hat borne the character of a respectable man.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You knew him in Hereford-street? A. Yes, he lives there now—I knew him when he began business, thirty-eight years since—I do not know Levine or Bateman, or of a robbery of goods from Miller's Wharf—I think I heard of Sayward being a witness at this Court—I heard of some goods which he had been called on in some way to account for—I do not know what they were—I heard they were calicoes, but never heard the particulars—I did not know they had been stolen—I knew they had come in some way improperly into his hands, and a question had arisen on the subject—I swear I did not hear they had been stolen—I swear I did not hear that people had been convicted of stealing them—I never heard it till this moment—I heard that goods were traced to his house which had been alleged to have been improperly come by—I never heard that he had to give them up.

MR. SERJEANT WILKINS. Q. You heard there was a trial, did you also hear that Mr. Sayward was a witness for the prosecution? A. I knew he was a witness, I do not know whether for the prosecution or the defence.





ROBERT PETERS
. I am a draper, of 19, Hereford-place, Commercial-road. I have known Mr. Sayward twenty-five years—he has always borne the character of a respectable and honest man.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you ever hear of this affair of Miller's Wharf? A. Never, until I beard it just now.





WILLIAM RICHE JACKSON
. I am a cheesemonger, of the Commercial-road. I have known Sayward twelve years, and never heard the slightest thing against his character.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You lived near him all the time? A. Yes; I never heard of the robbery at Miller's Wharf till I heard you name it—I never heard of his being a witness in this Court—I was living a quarter of a mile from him in 1841—I was not on terms of intimacy with him, only as a neighbour—his wife and my wife went to school together—I did not hear anything in 1841.





THOMAS GORBELL
. I am a bookseller, of 16, Hereford-place, Commercial-road. I have known Mr. Sayward about sixteen years—I never heard any accusation against him—he has borne the very best of characters as an honest man.


Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. As you knew him in 1841, did you hear of some inquiry in which he was a witness? A. Never—I have lived within ten doors of him for the last fourteen years—I was on speaking terms with him—if it occurred, he never mentioned it to me.





WILLIAM NOBLE
. I am a stay-manufacturer, of 18, Charles-street, St. George's-in-the-East. I have known Say ward since 1838—he is a hardworking, honest, sober man—I never knew anything against his character.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you heard anything of the calicoes? A. Not till I heard it from you.





HENRY HAZLEHURST
. I am a toy-dealer, of 17, Hereford-place, Commercial-road. I have known Say ward eight or ten years—he has borne a very good character as an upright, Honourable, respectable man—I never knew anything against his character—I speak more from general report than as a neighbour.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do his father and brother live with him? A. I know they are both in the shop with him.





CHARLES RUCE
. I am a gas-fitting manufacturer, of 24, Hereford-place. I have known Sayward seven years—he has borne the very best of characters.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Can you tell me whether his father and brother live with him? A. They do.





GEORGE COOPER
. I live at 9, Nassau-place, Commercial-road. I have known Sayward eighteen years—he has borne the best of characters as a honest respectable man.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you remember any calico of large value, belonging to Forbes and others, being taken from Miller's Wharf? A. I never heard of it—I never heard of his being a witness in 1841—we have been on terms of acquaintanceship—neither he nor anybody else ever mentioned anything of that kind to me—I never heard of calico being traced to his shop, or being taken possession of by the officers.

WHICHER—



GUILTY
of Receiving
. Aged 42.

SAYWARD—



GUILTY
of Receiving
. Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
PARNELL
submitted, in arrest of Judgment, that the first
COUNT
alone gave the name and value of the goods and the name of the owners, the other
COUNTS
only calling them "the said goods and chattels" or "the goods and chattels aforesaid;" and contended that those words would not bring down from the first
COUNT
the names and value of the goods (see Reg. v. Parker, 3 Queen's Bench Reports, p. 292; Reg. v. Martin, 6 Car. and Payne, p. 217; and 1 Dennison's Crown Cases, 356). The
COURT
was clearly of opinion that there was no foundation for the objection, but that there was a perfect and complete description of the goods.)

WHICHER—


Transported for Ten Years
.

SAYWARD—



Confined One Year
.

There was another indictment against Whicher.

Before Mr. Common Serjeant.
