




1450. 




ROSE JANE KENNY



, stealing 1 blanket, and other goods, value 3l.; the goods of 



Jane Watkins, her mistress: and





MARIA CORRIGAN



, feloniously receiving the same: to which


KENNY pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years
.





JANE WALKER
. I am single. Kenny was in my service—she came on 6th May, and about a month afterwards I missed some wine glasses, some dresses, a visit, night-cap, and some wine—the wearing apparel was in the chest of drawers in ay bed-room—I had seen all the articles safe when she entered my service—the drawers were not locked—I spoke to Kenny about it, and she told me that some other person had something to do with it—I went out with her to find the person, and she then said she could not find the person—I gave her in charge—on the afternoon before I went before the Magistrate, a little boy came and told me something—I went for a policeman, and I and the policeman saw Corrigan standing in the street—I had seen her on the Saturday before, so that I knew her; she had been speaking to Kenny at my gate—I went to her, and said, I wished to speak to her—she said, "I don't know you,"—the little boy came up, and I asked him if she was the person—he said she was the person who had sent him to my house to tell my servant that she wanted to see her—I then gave Corrigan in charge—I had received a character with Kenny from Corrigan, who called herself Mrs. Robinson—this ribbon is mine, and was amongst the rest of the things that were taken.

Corrigan. Q. How came you to think I am the person who gave the character? A. You are the person—you told me she was a good servant, and left you because she was too good a servant—you said you were a lodging-house keeper.





ELLEN FARRA
. I am searcher at the Brompton station. I searched Corrigan; I found in the pocket of her under-petticoat, a purse and two duplicates, and in the pocket of her dress this ribbon, and this veil—she wished me not to give them up to the police.





ELI BARTLETT
 (policeman, B 363). Corrigan was given into my custody for receiving stolen property, and giving a false character—she denied knowing the prosecutrix, and said they could not charge her with stealing, for what she had she had bought and paid for.

Corrigan's Defence. I bought the property, and paid for it; I did not know it was stolen.

CORRIGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
