



122. 



WILLIAM JAMES MILSON



, unlawfully obtaining 6l.; the moneys of 



Thomas Hartrop, by false pretences.


MR. HUDDLESTON conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS HARTROP
. I am an ironmonger, of 96, Upper-street, I slington.
I have a son named Benjamin Thomas Hartrop—in Aug. last my attention was attracted to an advertisement in the Times newspaper, and I wrote a letter in answer to it—I received this answer—(read)"28, Broad-street-building, City, 26th of seventh month, 1851. Respected Friend,—Wilt thou be pleased to call with thy son on second day (Monday) at our office as above, between 12 and 13 o'clock, for particulars in answer to X, Y, Z. We are thy friends Chadwick and Co. To Thomas Hartrop, ironmonger, Upper-street, Islington"—In consequence of this went to 28, Broad-street-buildings" Chadwick and Co." was painted on a white ground, and also on the

office door—I went in and saw the defendant—I told him I had called with my son, according to the appointment—I asked if his name was Chadwick; he said, "Yes"—he was dressed as a Quaker, and spoke like a Quaker—he stated that he had a partner named Milson, but unfortunately he had lost the late election for the borough of St. Albans—he told me that he himself was a preacher, and a member of the Society of Friends—on these representations, and considering that he was a respectable man, I parted with my money—he wished me to forward him some money—6l. was to be paid down, and 1l. 1s. for a copy of the indenture—some time afterwards I received this other letter (read)—" 28, Broad-street-buildings; to Thomas Hartrop. Respected Friend—Not seeing thee on Wednesday, I left town on Thursday for two days; I will see thee as above to-morrow, 2 o'clock, at which time I have desired the solicitor to come or send his clerk, to witness the signing of indenture. Charles Chadwick"—He said at the first interview that he did not require any premium with my son, but would require something like 30l. to buy books and instruments, and other things that were requisite in the profession of an architect—I afterwards received this other letter from him—(read—" 7th of tenth month, 1851. Respected Friend—If 5l. is paid me this day, or to-morrow, 2l. for the instalment, and 3l. the balance of the solicitor's charges, I undertake not to ask thee for any more instalment for three months; respecting the stamp of the indenture, if thou wish I will fulfill all the covenants without a stamp. Thine respectfully, Charles Chadwick"—I signed an indenture on parchment, this is it—it was drawn up by Mr. Williams an attorney—I never saw the attorney—it is witnessed by a youth named Armiger—(The indenture witnessed that the prosecutor's son, Benjamin Thomas Hartrop, was articled to the defendant for three years; the sum of 30l. to be paid by the prosecutor. 7l. down, and the rest by monthly installments of 11.)

Q. How much money did you pay under that? A. 6l. and 1l. 1s. for the copy of the indenture—he gave me this receipt (produced)—my son went in Aug., and remained till 10th Nov., when he went and the office was shut up—I went there myself, and found the empty room—I never knew Mr. Milson, the partner—I could not get in the place where Mr. Chadwick carried on his business as civil engineer—his name was erased, and another name painted on, "Williams, solicitor."

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Do you know how much was paid for engrossing this document? A. He told me 1l. 1s. was paid—I never saw this paper (looking at one)—I do not recollect that he told me he paid 6s. 4d. for engrossing—this 6l. was to be laid out in books and drawing-boards, and other things—the signature to this paper (looking at one) looks like my son's—I know my son brought home a book called "Salisbury Cathedral"—I do not know whether he was charged 2l. 10s. for it—it was not worth that—I did not see the receipts.

Q. Did he bring home some architectural precedents? A. Yes; and some 2d. books—he brought home a drawing-board—I do not know whether he had any Indian rubber—he had no pencils of Chadwick, he had bundles of pencils of his own.

Q. Were you willing to take 5l. to settle this business? A. I certainly should have taken 5l.; I should not have been perfectly satisfied; I considered my son was injured—if I had been paid 5l. I should not have looked after Chadwick—I never saw him—he sent me a very impertinent letter—he refused to give me 5l.—my son went on 12th Aug., on trial for a month—I believe Chadwick gave him 3s.,—he told me he would give the boy 3s. a week—he

gave him one 3s.—I do not know that he gave him any more—I have not studied this book of Salisbury Cathedral—he might as well have bought the child a picture-book, in my opinion—I do not know that I love the Quakers more than others—I firmly believe they are an honest set of people—I have reason to speak well of them—I am a Church of England roan—I complain of Chad wick absconding, and leaving my son—he told me he was not in misfortune—I parted with my money, considering he was a respectable man—my son brought home a bit of board—I never paid anything for this book—he told my son to bring it home, and study it—I know that architectural books are very dear.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. You parted with your money, believing the prisoner to be a respectable man? A. Yes; he told me he was an engineer and surveyor—I thought he was a respectable man, because he said he was a Quaker, and that he was partner with the ex-member for St. Albans—that induced me to think he was a respectable man—this book is "An Historical Account of the Cathedral Church of Salisbury"—the way I came to say anything about the 5l. was, a person of the name of Wilson called on me, representing himself as being sent by the prisoner—I never had any communication with the prisoner about the 5l.—I had nothing to do with any one respecting the 5l. but with Wilson—I never knew the prisoner under any other name than Chadwick.





BENJAMIN THOMAS HARTROP
. I am the son of the last witness; I shall be sixteen years old next birthday. I signed this indenture—I went to 28, Broad-street-buildings—when I got there, the prisoner told me to copy out plans, and to write advertisements about lending out 90,000l., and other sums, to be put in the paper—there was no real business whatever—I never was sent into the country to draw plans—there were eight other persons there like myself—they had just the same to do as I had, to copy advertisements, and trace these drawings—the prisoner went by the name of Chadwick—I never saw his partner—this went on till 10th Nov.—I went there that day, and 28, Broad-street-buildings, was shut up—the landlady said all the goods were taken away—I could not go in; it was locked up—I staid almost all day—this book was given me to copy, to trace the drawings—it was to be my own—these small ones were given me—I had 3s. given me, and half-a-crown, to take care of the other youths while the prisoner was out of town.

Cross-examined. Q. Look at this paper; are these receipts signed by you? A. Yes; I received this book, the "Cathedral, 2l. 10s.," in part-payment of the 6l.—I received "Architectural Precedents, 1l.," in part-payment of the 6l.—I received "drawing-board and Indian-rubber, 8s. 2d. "—I took these things home from time to time—I received 5s. 6d. from the prisoner, but no other sum whatever—I received no drawings—I received some tracing-paper, very thin transparent—I did not take that home; it was left at the office—I received some drawing-paper to practice on; the value of all I had was about 1s.—I copied plans of old copies which were lying about—I was there a month on liking—I was very regular in ray attendance—I really do not know how I came to sign this indenture, as we had no real business.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Did your father know anything about your signing these receipts? A. Yes, I told him; I had writing-paper, on which I wrote the advertisements.





WILLIAM THOMAS OSBORN
. I am an oilman, and live in Walbrook-street New North-road. I am landlord of 66. Murray-street, Hoxton, in my mother's right—the prisoner took that house of me—he gave the name of

William James Milson, and said he was an architect and surveyor, and he had lately been a candidate for the borough of St. Albans—he took the house in March—after he took it I noticed on the door the name of "Harris, surgeon"—I think it was "Dr. Harris"—there was a lamp placed over the door—the prisoner was to pay 36l. a year rent—he left three or four weeks after Michaelmas Day—I went to the house on the Wednesday after the goods had been moved away—the prisoner had paid me 9l. deposit and one quarter's rent to Midsummer—there was one quarter due at Michaelmas—when I went there on the Wednesday I rang the bell, and he came to the door undressed—he opened the door, and I would not allow him to shut it—he then let me in, and immediately locked me in the shop, and threatened that if I came any further he would knock me down—there were a few bottles in the shop with something in them; there was no furniture—this was a few weeks after Michaelmas Day—there had been a person there whom the prisoner represented as Dr. Harris.

Cross-examined. Q. How long did the prisoner occupy your house? A. Six months and three or four weeks after last Michaelmas Day—I received 18l. altogether from him—there was 9l. due last Michaelmas Day—there was 9l. deposit, but that was against his doing any damage to the fixtures—I got 18l., and there would be one quarter due at Christmas.





JANET TAYLOR
. I live in Vaughan-place, Shepherdess-row. My husband was taken ill, and Dr. Harris (the prisoner) came to see him—I sent for Dr. Harris, and he demanded half-a-crown before he would come out—he said he was a doctor and a physician, and had his diploma from Aberdeen—he visited my husband once; he felt his pulse—that was on 1st Aug.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not know that he is not a doctor? A. No.





SAMUEL RUSHFORD RODWELL
. I am a bookbinder. I have a daughter who was ill at the latter end of Sept; she had the scarlet fever—a person named Bellares was attending her—he brought the prisoner with him, and introduced him as Dr. Harris—he was dressed as an ordinary gentleman, and his manner was that of a medical man—he felt my daughter's pulse—I did not pay him—I believe my wife paid Bellares for him, one guinea—he did not write a prescription—he ordered a mustard poultice for the back of my daughter's neck.

Cross-examined. Q. Did your daughter get well with the mustard poultice? A. Yes; I did not pay the prisoner a farthing.





WILLIAM THOMAS AUSTIN
. I live private. I had an interview with the prisoner on 1st Sept.—he represented himself to me as Dr. Harris—I called in consequence of an advertisement—I have since known him under the name of John William Milson—I found out something, and gave him into custody—I called his attention to this advertisement (looking at it)—I asked him if he knew anything about it—he said yes, he had caused that to be inserted, but since that he had given up all this practice—it is in the "Belfast Chronicle "—(read—"Money on Mortgage. A Physician is desirous of lending 6,400l., to be lent in one sum or in smaller sums at five per cent, interest. Persons requiring the above to forward all particulars to Alpha, at Dr. Harris's, surgeon and accoucheur")—I gave him into custody—he told me he was a rejected representative for St. Albans, and was reduced to great distress, which caused him to do what he otherwise would not—he wished me to let him go—I said, "No; it shall come before the police"—he said he was a father (I am one), and he hoped I would regard his feelings—he offered me 12l. to let him go—I told him I should not do any such thing.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I am in no trade or profession; I

live on private property—I come from Westmeath—I wanted money, but not in the way Dr. Harris meant—I did not expect to get money from him—I have been about two years in England—I live in Shepperton-cottages, New North-road—I have a bedroom and the use of a sitting-room—I pay 5s. a week.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. I believe yon have served in the army? A. I was in the convict service—I went out as superintendent under an appointment from Government, under the direction of Sir Robert Peel.





MICHAEL FINCH
. I have a son, named Philip Finch, In consequence of an advertisement in the paper, I went to the prisoner in Bridge-street, Black-friars—he stated that he had room for an apprentice as a civil-engineer and architect—he said there was no premium required, and there would be up salary, the first six months—he talked a great deal like a Quaker, and went under the name of Milson—he got 11l. from me—these are the receipts he gave me (producing them)—when my son first came in, he said he liked the appearance of him—he said he could charge for him.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not before the Magistrate? A. No; I signed no deposition.

COURT
to
BENJAMIN THOMAS HARTROP. Q. Did you go to 28, Broad-street, after 10th Nov.? A. Yes; I went the next day—the place was shut up, and several persons waiting.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years
,

MR. HUDDLESTON
stated that more than twenty persons had been rolled in ike same way by the prisoner.
