



304. 




JOHN PAUL
 was indicted

for stealing, on 
2nd Sept, an order for the payment of 378l. 15s. 6d.; the property of the 

guardians of the poor of the City of London Union, his masters.—2nd COUNT., of 



Thomas Thornton and others, his masters.


MESSRS. BODKIN. and
M'INTYRE. conducted the Prosecution.






STEPHEN HOBSON HEATH
. I am one of the guardians of the poor of the City of London Union. The prisoner was assistant clerk to the board of guardians, and had been so for many years—his salary was 200l. a year, and apartments at the Union-office, St. Mary Axe, to live in, rent free, for himself and family—he was assistant clerk to the board of guardians on 2nd Sept last—I was present at a meeting of the board of guardians on that day—this is the minute book (produced)—it is not in my handwriting—it is kept by the clerk of the board, not the prisoner—this entry of 2nd Sept. is in the handwriting of Eldred.





BENJAMIN GILL ELDRED
. I was a clerk in the employment of the board of guardians; I was so on 2nd Sept. These minutes of 2nd Sept. are in my writing—I have no doubt I was there on 2nd Sept, for I never missed being there, but these were not written on 2nd Sept.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. How long had you been connected with this board? A. About seven years—the prisoner had been in the employment of the board long before that, many years.

Q. Do you know the mode in which the board arranged the payment of the different accounts to persons? A. I think, generally speaking, they were signed at the board, and I did not see them after they went up—the prisoner paid some of the cheques, through his own bankers—that was known to the board, and to everybody; it was known to me; some of them, but not all, certainly—I mean, some of the cheques given by the guardians of the Union, and he then paid parties by cheques of his own, creditors of the Union; many of them were not creditors, but non-resident householders—I very frequently filled up the cheques, whether drawn on the Union bankers or on his private bankers.

Q. After the cheque had been paid into his own bankers which he received from the Union, supposing him to pay the money by a cheque of his own, were you in the habit of recognizing that system, and filling up the body of the cheque? A. A very great many of them—it would be the prisoner's duty to receive directions as to the course of business he was to pursue from the guardians, or from Mr. Rowsell, who was the representative of the guardians—there were printed papers in 1850 pointing out the duties of all the servants—the duties of the clerks were defined in a printed list—I believe all the servants have been acting under those orders since that time—Mr. Thornton

was chairman of the board on 2nd Sept, 1856—I am not aware that he is here—there was an auditor who attended half-yearly to audit the accounts.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you ever yourself paid in any cheque to the prisoner's private account which had been drawn by the board for the pay-ment of their disbursements? A. I am not aware that I ever did—the prisoner has not told me that he paid in the cheques of the board, and then drew cheques on his private account—I am quite aware that he has paid them; he has been in the habit, at the end of the quarter more particularly, of taking a list, printed on the paper of business, of certain amounts, perhaps sometimes as many as twenty, and he drew one cheque for that amount, at least, I generally drew the cheque—there was one cheque drawn for the board to sign; that cheque included several persons' accounts—the prisoner would present a list of perhaps twenty items to be paid to different persons, generally small accounts, and one cheque would be given to him for the whole of those accounts—I generally drew the cheque, and it was signed by the guardians at the board—I cannot, state what the amounts would be that were included in that cheque; they would vary considerably—I think the last two cheques, which was soon after the Michaelmas quarter, only amounted to 120l. odd—the small amounts of which those cheques were composed, varied perhaps from 2l. or 3l. up to 10l.—the cheque that I am now speaking of had not reference to payments—there were cheques drawn for the express purpose of non-residents, and likewise for the payment of apprenticeships, and they were paid by the prisoner in his own cheques.

MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Did those general cheques amount to many thousands of pounds in the year? A. I should say, decidedly not, not to several thousands.





STEPHEN HOBSON HEATH
. re-examined. I was at the board of guardians on 2nd Sept—the prisoner was acting as assistant clerk to the board of guardians on that day—he was present at the board that day—Mr. Rowsell was out of town at that time—I was present when this cheque was given to the prisoner—it was given to him to pay Kingsford and Co., one of the contractors for flour to the Union—the whole of it was to be paid to them—he was to pay them that cheque—he had no authority to pay it into his own bankers, to his own account—I did not see that cheque again until 17th Dec.; I then found it in the prisoner's private desk, at the house he lived in, in St. Mary Axe—he had then left the office; it was after he had absconded—the returned cheques of the Union would be kept in his office until the audit; they might have been kept in his private drawer; I do not know.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTOTE. Q. How long have you been connected with these guardians of the public money? A. For twelve months—there are a good many gentlemen connected with the board, who have been much longer at it than I have, and who, I should think, know a great deal more about it—I have heard that the prisoner has been a servant of the guardians for twenty years, I think—I knew, as a guardian, what his duties were, as well as if I had been there twenty years ago—I know what he did, or ought to have done—I certainly did not know of the system of paying the cheques of the guardians into his own bankers, and drawing out the sums he wanted to pay persons—I never heard of it; I am quite sure if I had, I should have proposed his immediate suspension from his office, and so would the other guardians—it was never known by the guardians that he did so—I know now that it was his constant habit to do so—it was

most certainly done without the authority of the board—Eldred was a clerk of the Union, but in consequence of his revealing that he knew of this fact, he has been discharged by the board of guardians—he was discharged because he was aware that Mr. Paul had used the cheques of the guardians, and had not informed the guardians of that fact—I mean used them by appropriating the money to his own use, by paying them into his bankers in the first place; I am now aware of the fact, that accounts have been paid by him over and over again, by his own private cheques—he may have paid his own cheques to Messrs. Atkinsons, to the amount of thousands—I am speaking of matters that I have learned since.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You have stated, that until certain discoveries you were not aware of any payment into his own private account, of any sum given him by the guardians? A. Certainly not, nor, as far as my knowledge extends, were the board aware of it—it was his duty, when he received the cheques for the non-resident poor, a number of accounts together, to get the money for that and pay it to the different accounts—Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith, are our bankers.





JOHN ROBINSON GLANVILLE
. I am a clerk in the Bank of London. The prisoner had a private account at our house—on 13th Sept. last, 443l. 15s. 6d. was paid in to the credit of his account—this cheque for 378l. formed a portion of it—when a customer pays money into our bank, a credit note is given for it—this (produced) is one—I believe it to be in the prisoner's handwriting; this was handed in with the money—the items of which the amount was composed were 378l. 15s. 6d., 35l., and 30l.—we stamp all cheques that are paid in—I see our stamp on this cheque—that is put on by some of our clerks after it is paid in.





WILLIAM SAMUEL FLINDERS
. I am cashier to Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith. On 13th Sept, I cashed this cheque for the Bank of London.





JOHN THOMAS ROWSELL
. In Sept last, I was principal clerk to the board of guardians, of the London Union, and had been so for nearly twenty years; this cheque is countersigned by me—it was my practice to countersign cheques which were signed at the board by the members who were present—it was the prisoner's duty to have paid this cheque over to the party for whom it was intended, Messrs. Kingsford—the prisoner left the office, I think, on 17th Dec.—before that, on 27th Nov., I had a conversation with him in consequence of an application for payment by Messrs. Kingsford—I thought I recollected that a cheque had been signed during my absence from London; I found that that had been the case, and that it was signed on 2nd Sept; and I asked the prisoner for the receipt for the money from Kingsford's—finding that he hesitated, I told him that the cheque had been cashed on the 13th—I then left the office for a moment, to see by the bankers' book, whether the 13th was the right date; I returned again almost immediately; the prisoner then said that it was useless deceiving me, he had used the money; he implored me to save him from the ruin of disclosure; and having a great regard and esteem for him, and knowing the estimation and regard in which he had been generally held, I was induced to forbear the disclosure at that time—nothing more passed between us that I recollect, except that he said he should take care to repay the money—I afterwards paid the money out of my own moneys; that was on 6th Dec.—we also Lid some conversation as to another cheque, which, I believe, is not before you to-day, which he had misappropriated; and he told me that that was the whole of his irregularity—I paid the money into Messrs. Kingsfords' bankers—the prisoner left the office on 17th Dec.—I think a search was

being made in the office that day by some of the guardians—the prisoner left, I think, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon—I never saw him again until he was in custody, which was, I think, on 31st Dec.

Cross-examined. Q. Your duties, I believe, were defined by a paper published some four or five years ago? A. Yes, they were stated on that paper; it was my duty to do a great many things, and amongst others, to instruct the various officers in their duties—I had very hard work myself—I did a good deal in the instructing line—I do not say I was constantly at it—if any of the officers felt any difficulty, they applied to me, and I instructed them—if they did not feel any difficulty I gave no instruction—I did not proffer it, but only gave it when asked for—I had frequent applications—I frequently instructed Mr. Paul—I did not know of his paying the accounts of the Union by cheques on his own bankers; I never heard of it—it was among my duties to examine all papers, and all Acts of Parliament relating to the poor laws.

Q. This is the part that I wanted to call your attention to (referring to a printed paper)—you were "to keep punctually minutes of the proceedings of the meetings, and to keep check, and examine all account books and documents?" A. I wish you to understand that that is the whole detail of the duties of the office of clerk; if you will look below that, you will find that to enable the clerk to perform those duties, there are certain officers appointed—all the duties are under the head of myself—I do not consider that it was personally my duty to keep check and examine all accounts; that was the duty of the prisoner—he was an acknowledged and confidential clerk; if you look below that paper, you will find that it was so—I do not say that it was his duty to check his own accounts—it was not my general duty to keep, check, and examine all account—the responsibility attached to my office was very great, and produced a constant wear and tear of mind and body—I say I had not personally to keep, check, and examine all accounts—the auditor would check the accounts—it was the duty of the auditor to see that each officer, at the end of every half year, produced his accounts to be examined—I do not see how the auditor should know the arrangements of the office, or the mode in which cheques should be given; he could easily check it, because he had the power of calling any officer before him.

Q. But how should he judge by calling an officer before him? suppose, for instance, that Mr. Paul had been drawing cheques on his private bankers to pay the accounts of the Union, would that be a matter that the auditor could check? A. He could check it by the dates of the receipts—he could see that the vouchers and other matters agreed—he would perhaps be 'able to tell whether that was proper, as much as I could—the auditor is a person called in every half year.

Q. Did not the prisoner, in this very conversation, tell you that he had overpaid Lee's account to the amount of 250l., and if you could get that back from Lee it would help to pay the defalcation? A. He told me so afterwards, not during that conversation—it was some days afterwards—I found that was true, that he had paid Lee 250l. which did not appear to have been drawn by the board—it appeared to me that he had paid Lee 250l.; out of his own funds—I do not think he told me when he had paid it—it was recently—I understand it was after 13th Sept—I think I asked him how he could satisfy me that that was the case, and I afterwards saw a statement from Messrs. Lee, written by them, in which it appeared that that was the case.


MR. BODKIN. Q. What did you find to be the state of the account with Lee; is there money due to them now? A. We found afterwards that there was money due to Lee upon former accounts—I found on investigating the account that money was due to Lee for which the guardians had drawn cheques—I do not know exactly to what amount—it appeared that he paid money to Lee's account as he pleased, disregarding the amounts of the cheques which the guardians had drawn—taking the whole of Lee's account together, the sums which the prisoner has paid to them do not amount to the sum for which cheques were drawn by the board of guardians—there is still a balance, allowing for the 250l.—this paper is a report of the duties of officers, drawn up by the direction of the board of guardians, for their information—it defines the duties of the prisoner—my duty was the general superintendence—(Reads: "To enable the clerk to perform the above duties, and the actual manual labour attendant upon his office, he requires the assistance, of the assistant clerk, Mr. Paul, and of three other permanent and efficient clerks, whose several duties are detailed as follows: 'Assistant clerk, Mr. John Paul Duties required: to attend to the general management and arrangement of the offices, and to take the superintendence and control, under Mr. Rowsell, of the several clerks and officers; to prescribe their daily duties, and to see the same punctually and correctly performed; to manage the out relief and general expenditure; to see that the several sums paid to the treasurer are duly credited to the accounts of the respective parishes; to watch the accounts of the several parishes; to see that notices are given for the payment of calls in arrear, and to report to the clerk from time to time when the state of the accounts with any parish requires his especial attention; to take the management of the accounts of the non-settled and non-resident relief; to take the management and regulation of the emigration and shipping cases; to attend guardians, parish officers, and others, and to answer and explain all matters relating to the accounts; to keep and arrange all accounts and vouchers, and to produce the same to the auditor at the half yearly audit; to attend the meetings of the board, with the clerk, for the purpose of giving his assistance, and producing papers when required, and also for the purpose of making himself acquainted with the business in progress, and the mode of conducting the same, so that he may be the better able to act for the clerk in case of his illness or temporary absence; and generally to assist in performing any of the duties required for carrying on the business of the Union.'"

MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. Q. Did you not obtain from the board a cheque for 250l. on account of Messrs. Lee, and apply it to partly pay the deficiency arising from these defalcations? A. Yes, believing Mr. Paul's statement to me to be correct, I did take that cheque, and that cheque was cashed, I think on 13th Dec, on my account, which cheque was the cheque that the prisoner requested me to take as belonging to him, he having previously paid the money, but when I found that he had misrepresented the state of Messrs. Lee's account, I immediately repaid the 250l. to the treasurer of the Union.





ALFRED KINGSFORD
. I am clerk and cashier to Thomas and Charles Kingford. They supplied the City of London Union with flour—on 6th Dec. the sum of 378l. 15s. 6d. was paid into the London and Westminster Bank to our credit, from the Union.




GUILTY
. Aged 60.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

(There were several oilier indictments against the prisoner.)


Before Mr. Justice Wightman and the Fifth Jury.

