




371. 




JOHN HENRY
 and 




WILLIAM JAMES



, stealing 2 mantillas, value 5l.; the property of 



John Falshaw Pawson, and others: to which


HENRY

PLEADED GUILTY.






JAMES BRETT
 (City-policeman). On Friday evening, 28th Jan., I was on the north side of St. Paul's Churchyard, about 5 o'clock—I met the two prisoners together—I watched them—they were walking, and after James had given Henry a paper, which looked to me like a letter, Henry left James—James stood for four or five minutes where Henry had left him; he then ran quickly round St. Paul's Churchyard, towards Watling-street; he there joined Henry, and they went on in company till they came to Mr. Pawson's, No. 9, St. Paul's Churchyard, near Paul's Chain—I there lost sight of James—I watched Henry for some minutes, who was outside, walking backwards and forwards in front of No. 9, and I did the same—I then saw James come from the door of Mr. Pawson's with a large square box on his arm—he turned down Paul's Chain, where he joined Henry—they went along Carter-lane together, where James gave Henry the box—I followed them through a number of courts and streets the back way till they came to Tudor-street—I there saw before me a constable coming—I got before the prisoners, and had a communication with the constable, and when the prisoners came up we stopped them both—Henry then had the box—I said to him, "Where did you get this box?"—he said, "I picked it up"—I said, "Where?" he said, "I mean a man gave it me to carry; "I said, "Where to?" he said, "To Cheapside; "I said, "You are going in the wrong direction for Cheapside; your answers do not satisfy me; you must come with me to the station;"—I told the other constable to bring James—Henry said, "I don't know that man; he is not with me"—James said, "What are you taking me for?"—I said, "For being in company with this man, and having in your possession this box"—he said, "I never had that box in my hands"—we took them to the station, and Henry was asked what the box contained—he said he did not know, but he again stated that a man gave it him to carry—they both refused their address—I found on Henry one latch key, and three keys on James, and this guard, and a pair of gloves—I found these two mantles in the box.

James. My answer to you was, "I had the box, but I did not know this man. "





JOHN KENNARD
. I am errand boy to Mrs. Watkins On, Friday, 28th Jan., I took a box to Mr. Pawson's, in St. Paul's Churchyard—I got there about 5 o'clock—when I got between the two doors I saw the clerk—he said, "Are these the returned cloaks?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "You must take them round the back way"—the prisoner James was between the two doors—I was carrying the box round the back way, and the prisoner James tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "Are these the two returned cloaks?"—I said, "Yes"—he said. "Give them to me; I am the ware-houseman"—I said, "I want the bill receipted"—I gave him the cloaks, and asked him to receipt the bill—he said he was very busy that night unpacking, and said I was to call the next day between 10 and 11 o'clock for the box and the bill receipted—I left him and went home—I feel confident he is the same man that took the box of me—this is the box, and these cloaks were in it at the time.

James. Q. What did I say to you? A. "re these the returned cloaks?" and I said "Yes"—I asked you for the bill—you said "I have not got time to-night"—you said, "It is quite right, I am the warehouseman"—I gave you the bill with the box.





JOHN HENRY FOSKEY
. I am warehouseman to Mr. John Falshaw Pawson and Co. Both those mantles are ours—the box does not belong to us—these mantles were sold to Mrs. Watkins on 3rd Dec.—it was on their being

returned that they were stolen—they were sold conditionally—all goods are sent out on approbation—they had become Messrs. Pawson's when they were returned—it was not to me that the boy came with the cloaks; he came to the front door—the person who directed him is not here.

COURT
to
JOHN KENNARD. Q. Did Mrs. Watkins, your mistress, send you back with these cloaks to Messrs. Pawson's? A. Yes; I went in the premises the front way, and a man inside said, "Are these the returned cloaks?" I said, "Yes;" he said, "Take them the back way round, to the right;" and when I got round the prisoner came and tapped me on the should—I delivered them to him before they got into the premises—I had never parted with them till I gave them to this man—my mistress is married; her husband's name is Thomas Watkins—I have heard her call him Thomas Watkins
(The indictment was amended by the Court substituting the name of "Thomas Watkins" for that of" John Falshaw Pawson and others.")

James's Defence. This is entirely a mistake; I have been beguiled into this On 28th Jan., between 4 and 5 o'clock, I was in St. Paul's Church-yard with this man; we stopped there a few minutes, and I went down to Watling-street; I had parted with this man; I saw a gentleman come in a great hurry out of Messrs. Pawson's; he pointed out the lad as coming from there with the returned cloaks; he said I was to go to him and ask for the bill; I went and asked him if he had got the cloaks; he said yes, and he returned them to me, and the bill; the gentleman took the bill from me, and told me to go with the cloaks to the Golden Cross, and leave them there in the name of Thomas Webster; Henry then came and joined me, and I told him to carry the box; when we were in Tudor-street we were stopped by Brett; I told him I had had the box, but I did not know what it contained. I have been made a tool of in this case; I acknowledge having the box, but I obtained it from the boy; he states that he saw me near the door; it was out in the street, it was not near the door; I am entirely innocent of any guilty knowledge.

Henry's Defence. When I pleaded guilty I meant I was guilty of carrying the box; I did not know it was obtained dishonestly.

HENRY—


GUILTY
.

JAMES—


GUILTY
.

The prisoners were both further charged with having been previously convicted.)





HENRY CHAMPION
 (policeman, F 107). I produce a certificate of the conviction of 


George Palmer on his own confession at this Court (read—Convicted, Sept., 1850, of stealing six birdcages. 
Confined nine months)—Henry is the man.





JOHN STRADLING
 (City policeman, F 117). I produce a certificate (read—Aug., 1851. 



William Reynolds, convicted of stealing a coat, having been before convicted. 
Confined twelve months)—James is the man—I know him well.

Henry. It is nearly two years since I came out of
my last imprisonment; I then got employ at the House of Lords, and gave every satisfaction till I was discharged; I then got work at the army clothing, which is very small pay; I then went in the militia, and was just out of that when I was taken; I expected my brother-in-law here to prove how I conducted myself; I have tried everything to get an honest living—no one can say I have been doing wrong.

HENRY—
GUILTY. Aged 24.

JAMES—
GUILTY. Aged 23.





Transported for Seven Years.

