




1442. 




JANE SKIFF
 and




SAMUEL SKIFF



, stealing 1 purse, value 1s., 5 shillings, 2 sixpences, and 1d.; the property of 



Mary Ann Veness, from her person.






JOHN SPITTLE
 (City-policeman, 9.) On the night of 11th Aug., about eleven o'clock, I was in plain clothes at Old Shades Pier—I saw the prisoners get into a steam-boat—I followed them—they got out at Hungerford-market, where they attempted to pick the pockets of several females getting out of the boat—they then got on board another boat, and went to Old Shades Pier again—just before the boat came alongside again, Samuel put his hand into a lady's pocket, kept it there a short time, and took it out—he then went into the fore-cabin, came back, and passed something to Jane, who had stood about a yard off him when he did it—I spoke to the lady, seized Jane, and took from her hand five shillings, two sixpences, and one penny—Samuel escaped—I took him next morning near the station where Jane was—I told him the charge—he said he had not been on board any steam-boat, but had been at his mother's all day.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Was anybody with you? A. No—I did not consider it my duty to take him for putting his hand into the pockets before he took anything—Jane was looking towards the lady—she said at the police-court she had just taken the money out of her pocket to buy a 1d. worth of gooseberries—the lady told me what she had lost, before I told her what was in Jane's hand.





MART ANN VENESS
. I went from Hungerford to the Old Shades on a steam-boat, on the night of 11th Aug.—I had a purse safe in my dresspocket when I went on beard, with about 6s., in sixpences and shillings, in it—Spittle spoke to me, and I missed it.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you a widow? A. Yes; the policeman did not tell me how much be had found—my purse was not found.





EMMA RACHEL VENESS
. I was with my mother—I saw the prisoners on the dummy—Jane gave Samuel a nod when he was on the steps.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not swear to him. A. Not positively.

JANE SKIFF—


GUILTY.* Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.


SAMUEL SKIFF—


GUILTY.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

