



701. 




JAMES HORAN



, feloniously stabbing 



Maurice Hedderman, with intent to murder him. 2nd COUNT, to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. RIBTON
conducted the prosecution.






MAURICE HEDDERMAN
. I live in Phoenix-place, Queen's-row, Kensington. I was at home on 6th Jan., and something attracted my attention—I ran to the door with my wife—I saw the prisoner nine or ten yards from the door—he ran across, and struck my wife on the left breast with his right hand, took hold of her by the hair, and was pulling her away—I took hold of her to pull her away, and he then took me by my hair, and pulled me along nine or ten yards—I was not well at the time—I took hold of him, and said I would give him in charge—I would not let him go, and he gave me two kicks in the belly—I saw him putting his hands in his pockets—I do not know what he took out, as it was dark, but I felt a knife going into my belly—I hallooed out "Murder! he has stabbed me"—Boyle caught hold of him—I put my hand to my belly, and found part of my inside out—I was taken to the hospital, and remained there till 11th Feb.—I am an out-door patient still, and have been under the doctor's care ten weeks.

Prisoner. Your uncle and fourteen others occupied one room in the house where I lived; and because I attempted to get them out, you all formed this conspiracy against me, with intent to murder me; here is the coat which I wore when you assaulted me, torn to pieces (producing it) and here are four of my teeth which were knocked out; your brother-in-law, and his three sons, and three daughters were the conspirators; I could not stand the smell of you all living in one room, and informed the landlord and the surveyor; the agent gave you notice, and you determined to be revenged on me; you cried for me and my wife to come down, or you would tear our livers out; you sent all the boys in the street to hoot after me; you seized me, and I tried to extricate myself; you got my finger in your mouth, and tried to eat it off; your wife came up with a poker, and knocked me on the auditory pipe, which goes to the brain, and causes a sensation all over the body; and I was struck with a hammer on the temple; and they jumped en me when I was down; you are the principal engine of the conspiracy. Witness. I live next door to you—my sister and her husband and children lived in the house, and do still—you were turned out by the landlord when they went there—I heard the notice given to you to quit, but you did not go—I had nothing to do with it—my brother did not strike you, he was in the City at the time—I know nothing of your being struck by any one.






WILLIAM BOYLE
. On 6th Feb., between five and six o'clock in the evening, I was passing Hedderman's house, and saw him and the prisoner holding each other—I went into my house, which is near, came out again and found the prisoner holding Hedderman by the neck-handkerchief; there were other people standing about—Hedderman held the prisoner, to give him in charge—the prisoner requested him to let him go, but he would not—the prisoner dropped his hands down afterwards, made a blow with his left hand, and Hedderman cried "Murder! Mr. Boyle, he has got a knife, and I am stabbed"—I rushed to the prisoner, clasped my arras round him, and saw a knife in his hand—I called to James Keyes to assist me—he took the knife from him—I held him, and gave him in charge.

Prisoner. Q. Was there any former grievance between you and me? A. Yes; you have summoned me for an assault—you lived in the same house with me for a few days, and then went out—I do not know of my wife or children robbing you—I know nothing about any conspiracy—I have no malice against you—you and your wife have been very annoying neighbours.





WILLIAM JOHN SEWELL
 (policeman, T 117.) I was called to Phoenix-place, and found Boyle holding the prisoner—he was given into my charge—Keys gave me this knife—on the way to the station the prisoner asked me if the man was dead—I said I did not know—he said it was a b—y good job if he had killed him quite.

Prisoner. Q. Was I drunk? A. You had been drinking; your coat was in the condition it is now.





JAMES KITES
. I am a labourer, of 7, Phoenix-place, Shepherd's Bush, in the same house with Hedderman. On 6th Jan. I was going home, and saw the prisoner coming towards the door from the opposite side—there were a lot of people at the door—Hedderman was there—as the prisoner came up, he struck a person over my shoulder—I did not see who it was; but Hedderman said it was his wife—he laid hold of Hedderman and pulled him nine or ten yards across the road by the head, or by the coat, I do not know which—I went in-doors, and in five minutes heard a cry of "Murder!"—I went down, and as I approached the prisoner, Boyle, who had got hold of him, said, "Mind yourself, Keyes, he has got a knife"—I seized him, and took the knife from him; it was open—I gave it to the policeman.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you take a chopper oat of his wife's hands? A. No, nor did I see it used, or any other weapon.





JAMES ROUSE
. I am house-surgeon at St. George's Hospital. On 6th Jan. I examined Hedderman there, and found a wound on the left side of the abdomen, from half an inch to an inch long, from which about six inches of bowel was protruding—there was hemorrhage—I cannot tell the depth, because the knife must have passed between the bowels, which were not injured—he was in great danger of his life, and is still an outdoor patient.
(The prisoner, in his defence, repeated his former statement.)




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.

