



1534. 




WILLIAM EASTWOOD
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Elizabeth Eastwood: she was also charged on the Coroner's Inquisition with a like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH TAYLOR
. I am the wife of John Taylor, we live at Wandsworth, near the South Western Railway. The prisoner lived two doors from me, with his wife, Elizabeth Eastwood—I have been there four or five years, and they between five and six years—on 4th June, between 9 and 10 o'clock at night, I was hanging out my clothes in the yard, which is common to all the houses in the row, and heard Mrs. Eastwood swearing very much at him,

and b—ring him (she had been away for three weeks, and had been at home about a fortnight)—he said, "You promised when you came back to behave yourself; you don't call this behaving yourself, do you?"—in three or four minutes I heard a bit of a scuffle, and I heard the deceased's eldest child call out, "O father, you have killed mother!"—he has two children by Elizabeth Eastwood, and two by a former marriage—I went to the back-door, got into the house, and saw the prisoner coming towards the house with the youngest child in his arms, which is three or four years old—I asked him what was the matter with the children—he said he did not know—I went into the front-room, and saw Elizabeth Eastwood lying on the floor on her back, with a chair towards her feet—I asked her, in the prisoner's presence, what was the matter; she said Mr. Eastwood had stabbed her—he said she had run against the knife—I saw a knife on the table with the supper things—Mrs. Staples, a neighbour, came in after me—the prisoner carried his wife up-stairs, and Mrs. Staples and me went up after him—he put her on the bed, kissed her, and said, "God bless you, I hope you will do well"—we undressed her before the surgeon came—her stays were cut through, and beneath the cut there was a wound about three inches below her left breast, and blood on her breast.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How long had you heard the quarrelling before you went in? A. About a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes—Mrs. Eastwood's voice was loud and violent—she called him a liar several times, and appeared very violent and quarrelsome—the scuffling continued a minute or two—the prisoner has two daughters by his first wife; due is sixteen years of age, and had gone to service that morning, and the eldest daughter is in service also—she had been living with them—the prisoner appeared to regret what had happened very deeply—I have seen the deceased in a rocking-chair—there was a knife and fork on the table—they were at supper—this is a common table-knife—when the prisoner came to the door, he appeared perfectly bewildered, as if he did not know what he was doing or saying—I have several times seen her running at him, swearing very violently.





SARAH STAPLES
. I am a widow, of Wandsworth, and live within two doors of the prisoner and the deceased—on this evening, I heard the children screaming, and went out—I went into the house, with Mrs. Taylor, by the back-door—before I went in, I heard the prisoner say, "Speak to me, speak to me, once more"—the children said, "Mother cannot speak, she is dead; you have killed my mother"—I went into the front-room, and found the deceased lying on the floor—she looked up, and said, "Oh, Mrs. Staples, my husband has stabbed roe to the heart"—I said, "Oh, Eastwood! you have killed your wife"—he said, "I hope not; but do what you can for her"—I stooped down, and said, "What is the matter?"—she said, "He has done it at last; he has stabbed me to the heart"—he then said she had done it herself—I asked him to help me to raise her up—she said, "It is under my left breast"—I took her things off one shoulder, and then she bled very freely indeed—he carried her up-stairs, kissed her, and said he hoped she would do well.

Cross-examined. Q. You say you were very much alarmed; can you positively state the exact order in which any of those expressions were used?

A. I am quite confident as to what passed, and quite confident the prisoner said, "I hope not," when she said he had stabbed her to the heart—he seemed very much distressed, almost paralysed.





WILLIAM WALKER
 (policeman, V 98.) I was called to this house at half-past 10 o'clock, and saw the prisoner nursing a child in the front-room down-stairs—I

said, "Bill, how did this affair take place?"—he said, "I will tell you: me and my wife had some words as I was having my supper; I had a knife in my hand: she ran against the knife, and stabbed herself;" I am positive those were the words—I said, "You don't mean to tell me that, Bill?"—he said no more—the doctor came, and we all went up-stairs—I saw the woman, with a wound about an inch long—I told Mr. Brown, in the prisoner's presence, that if the woman was in a dangerous state, I should take the prisoner into custody—the prisoner said, "You may find that ail out"—I took him down to the room below, asked him where the knife was, and he gave it me off the table—it was bloody, right down to the handle—this is it, and the woman's clothes—I took the prisoner to the station.

MR. BROWN. I am a surgeon, of Wandsworth. I was called to the prisoner's house, and found the deceased in bed, with an incised wound about three inches below the left nipple, rather more than an inch in extent, and extending deeply—she was then in a state of collapse—she afterwards rallied, and lived nearly eight days—I made a post-mortem examination, and traced the wound through the integuments, between the sixth and seventh ribs, into the cavity of the chest, not wounding the lungs, but going about three inches into the liver—this knife would have inflicted such a wound—nearly the whole of the blade must have penetrated—it certainly could not have been inflicted by a person running against another who was holding a knife; it would require considerable force—that wound was the cause of her death.

Cross-examined. Q. I am afraid it was a wound which must have been fatal? A. Yes; I thought, at first, she might recover, being unaware that the liver had been penetrated.





ALFRED TAYLOR
. I am chief clerk to the Magistrates, at Wandsworth Police Court. The deceased woman was examined, and her deposition taken by the Magistrate in the prisoner's house, and in his presence, on a charge of stabbing, with intent to murder—these are the depositions—(read—"Elizabeth Eastwood, on her oath, says, 'I am the wife of the prisoner, William Eastwood. I was sitting in my rocking-chair last night in this house, at the Point, Wandsworth, between 9 and 10 o'clock; the prisoner was sitting at his supper, with a knife and fork in his hand; we had some angry words, and he ran at me with the knife in his hand, and stabbed me with the knife while I was sitting in the chair; that is the truth, as I have not long to live in this world; my neighbours came in, and assisted me. '

Cross-examined by the prisoner.—The cause of our words was, as is always the case; for whenever he comes in-doors, whoredom is in his mouth, and he called me a whore last night; I dare say I said he had had connection with his daughter; I do not know whether he had been drinking. 'Re-examined.' I did not mention anything about his daughter last night when we quarrelled, it was on a former occasion.' "
(John Stewart, a cutler, of Putney, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
of Manslaughter. Aged 41.—


Transported for Life
.

Before Mr. Justice Creswell.
