



969. 




JOHN DISMOND



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Selina Whittaker Gibbs, and stealing 17 spoons, I mustard-pot, and other articles; her goods.—2nd COUNT, burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.







JESSE JEAPES
 (policeman). On 30th April, about half-past fire o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in St. James'-street; and met the prisoner within a few yards of Jermyn-street—I crossed over to him, and said, "Halloo, here you are out screwing already this morning"—he said he did not know what I meant—I saw a person on the opposite side run—I said, "Have you got any screws about you?"—he said, "No"—I took off his hat, and found two milk-jugs and a mustard-pot in it—I took him to the station, and asked him if he had anything more about him; and he took from his pocket six table-spoons, a gravy-spoon, six tea and four salt-spoons, a fish-knife, a butter-knife, a pair of sugar-tongs, and seven forks (produced)—I found on him a screw-driver, a knife, part of a wax-candle, and a quantity of lucifer-matches—I received information, went to Mrs. Gibbs', and found marks of violence on the door in the passage—this screw-driver found on the prisoner fitted the marks.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Were the marks on the doorpost the only marks you saw? A. No; the marks of the screw-driver were at the lock, and there was another mark which it did not fit—some one must have concealed themselves in the house the night before.





SELINA WHITTAKER GIBBS
. I am a widow, and carry on business in Down-street, Picadilly, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. On 29th April I was the last person up—I bolted the street-door at half-past ten o'clock—I heard nothing in the night—I got up at eight in the morning, and missed this plate—it is mine, and was safe the night before—the outer door had not been opened by violence, but it was found unbolted in the morning—there were marks on the shop door.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is your house from Jermyn-street? A. About three quarters of a mile—these articles were in the kitchen cupboard.




GUILTY
on Second Count.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

