




1755. 




GEORGE WILLIS



, stealing 3 coats, 3 handkerchiefs, 2 pairs of gloves, and 1 cap, value 4l. 19s. 6d.; the goods of 



Joseph Del la Torre: and 1 coat, 15s.; the goods of 



Joseph Del la Torre, junior; in the dwelling-house of Joseph Del la Torre: having been before convicted.






EMILY COWARD
. I am servant to Mr. Del la Torre, of Lamb's conduit-street. On 18th Sept., about a quarter to seven o'clock in the morning, I heard a gentle knock at the street door—I went, and found the prisoner there—he gave me a note for my master, and wanted an answer—I told him my master was not up—he said he must have an answer, as he had to be in the City by eight o'clock—I went up-stairs, leaving him in the passage, and as I went up I heard a step, looked over the banister, and saw the prisoner taking the coats off the pegs, where they were hanging—I ran back—he ran across the road—I called, "Stop thief!"—he threw down the coats, and I picked them up—these are them (produced).





JOSEPH DELIA TORRE
. I live at 70, Lamb's Conduit-street; it is my dwelling-house, and in the parish of St. George-the-Martyr. The coats produced are mine, and worth 5l.





CHARLES RUMMEY
. On 8th Sept., about seven o'clock, I was in Lamb's Conduit-street, with a donkey and cart, and saw the prisoner run out from No. 70, with some coats on his arm—I followed him, and saw him drop them—he was stopped, and I saw some papers picked up in the direction in which he had run—they were given to the constable.





HENRY PALMER
 (policeman, E 11). I took the prisoner in Judd-street, and received the coats from Coward.

Prisoner's Defence. I was not the party that actually stole the coats.





JOHN SMITH
 (policeman, G 171). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted, March, 1850, of stealing coats, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—he is the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
