



1856. 




HENRY COLLINS



, stealing 1 coffee-pot, 76 forks, and other goods, value 170l.; the goods of 



Edmund Rushworth and another, his masters.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






EDMUND RUSHWORTH
. I have one partner; we are auctioneers, in Savillerow, in the parish of St. James, Westminster. None of the persons in our employ sleep on the premises—we occupy the lower part of the house: our auction-rooms are behind—the prisoner was in our employ in June, 1849—be had been so constantly about a year and a half, and occasionally before—he was one of our porters—it was part of his duty to make fast the counting-house and rooms in the evening, and take away the key—on Saturday, 30th June, 1849, we expected a parcel of plate from Thomas, of Bond-street, to be introduced into a sale on the following Tuesday—I left about half-past five o'clock—the plate had not then arrived, to my knowledge—we have an iron chest there; I have one key of it, and my partner has another—I took away my key—the persons there had no opportunity to open that chest—I left the clerks and the porters there—the gentleman who has the charge of the auction-rooms, would leave at six o'clock—the prisoner would remain last, till seven, then lock up and take the keys with him—on the Monday following I went to the premises—I found the clerks and porter outside the house—I sent for a smith, and had the door opened—I went also over the premises, but found no marks of breaking in—I did not see the prisoner again till I saw him in custody this month.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. How many persons did yon leave when you left? A. I cannot tell; I think there would be four clerks in the counting-house, and three porters—they might all have been there then—it was the prisoner's duty to lock up after every one have gone—we have a great quantity of property there at times.





JAMES EDWARDS
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Thomas and Son, silver-smiths, in Bond-street. On Saturday, 30th June, 1849, I took a parcel of plate to Messrs. Rushworth's, between six and seven o'clock—there was a silver coffee-pot, forks, spoons, ladles, and other things—I delivered the parcel to the prisoner—he and Cordwell were the only persons I saw there belonging to Mr. Rushworth—the prisoner unpacked the articles out of the baize, and took an account by my list—he put it, while I was there, into a drawer of the sideboard, on the right-hand side going in at the door—while I took the articles out, he asked me which were silver and which were not, because he wanted to put the silver away—the plated articles he did not want to know about—I answered those questions—they were worth about 168l. for old silver—they would have been worth upwards of 200l. in the trade.





CHARLES CORDWELL
. I was a porter to Messrs. Rushworth, in June, 1849. I remember this plate being brought—the prisoner was there—the clerks had left—the plate was put in the sideboard, and the prisoner put the key into his pocket—I remained till ten minutes or a quarter-past seven; I then left, leaving the prisoner there alone to lock up—I went on the Monday—I found the place locked up—I waited till Mr. Rushworth came—he sent for a smith and had the door opened—we went in, found the door of the sideboard open, the drawer open too, and the plate gone—the key

was in the door of the cupboard in which the prisoner had put the plate—the plated things were not taken away, only the silver—there was some green baize there, and part of it had been torn away—I found this basket there, which was not there on the Saturday.

Cross-examined. Q. How many windows are there? A. One towards the street—the shutters were shut; I opened them—we take the goods in at the front door—we go through another door to get in.





JOSEPH POWELL
. In June, 1849, I was in the service of Mr. Squibb, who occupied the upper part of the prosecutor's premises—they have two windows looking down Saville-row—the entrance is by the side of the windows—on Sunday, 1st July, 1849, the prisoner came there about one o'clock—I knew him to be the person entrusted with the keys by Messrs. Rushworth and Jarvis—he asked me if either of his governors had been; I said I would inquire—I inquired, and my fellow-servants said they had not—the door I opened led from the passage to the street—a person coming in at that door would require a key to get into Messrs. Rushworth's premises—the prisoner took a key, unlocked that door, and went into the office—he was in there about twenty minutes—he brought this basket with him when he came—I did not let him out—I saw him go, and he had a parcel tied up in green baize, with a cord round it—the parcel was larger than this basket—I suspected nothing wrong.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you had seen him come to the premises before? A. Yes; I never saw him take a parcel away before—he had been in the habit of coming on Sunday morning—he might have left some of his things there, and I had that confidence in him that I did not think it singular.





GRORGE DAVIS
. I keep the Coach and Horses public-house, in Conduit-street. On a Sunday in last year the prisoner borrowed this basket of me, immediately after the house was open, at one o'clock—I heard of this robbery on the Monday; it was the day before that.





FRANCIS THOMAS WALL
. In June and July last year I was in the service of the prosecutors—I went to the office on Monday morning, 2nd July, and the office was not open—the lock was picked, and I found the sideboard open, the key in it, and the plate gone—I had made a catalogue of the greater part of the silver plate at Mr. Thomas's; the value of it altogether was about 200l.—the plated articles were left.

Cross-examined. Q. What were you? A. A clerk—I had been there seven or eight years—there is a window in the warehouse which has been sometimes open—there is a window in the auction-room which looks out at the back—I do not remember any complaints being made of that window being open: it is nine or ten feet from the ground—there is another window in the same ware-room, about the same height from the garden—there are two doors from the street, one leading to Mr. Squibb's and the other to the auction-room—there is no other door by which you can get to the premises—there is one other window close to the staircase; it has a shutter, I cannot say whether that is fastened; I get there after it is opened and leave before it is closed—there are skylights in the auction-room.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How high would a man have to fall from the skylights? A. I suppose about forty or fifty feet—the window on the stairs opens to the outside—I did not see any marks of violence.





ROBERT CHICKLEY
 (police-sergeant, H 16). On the 16th of this month I was on duty at Whitechapel-road—I saw the prisoner coming out of a public-house—I said, "Collins, I want you for the plate-robbery at Mr.

Jarvis's"—he said, "I am sorry you have got me to-day; I was going in the country to-morrow"—I said, "It is a bad job, you must come along with me"—I got a cab and took him to the station—in going along he said, "What do they value it at?"—I said "About 200l. he said, "It was a good day's work for the man that had it"—after we got him to the station he said, "If any one else had had it they would have known better what to do with it"—he refused to give me his address—I heard of the robbery in 1849, and had been trying to discover the prisoner.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

