



108. 




ROBERT MATTHEWS



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Harriet Donno on her neck and throat, with intent to kill and murder her.—2nd COUNT, with intent to maim and disable her.—3rd COUNT, with intent to do her grievous bodily harm.


MR. THOMPSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HARRIET DONNO
. I am married, but I do not know whether my husband is living. I lived with the prisoner, as his wife, for about two years, and passed by the name of Matthews—on 13th Nov., between 11 and 12 o'clock, I told the prisoner I should leave him, and get a lodging elsewhere—I said I would not pledge my clothes any more for him—I do not know what answer he gave me—he left home directly afterwards with Appleton—on the evening of that day I went to a public-house, with three young women and two young men—I drank there, and was very much the worse for liquor—we also had some pies; and whilst eating and drinking, the prisoner and Appleton came in—the prisoner asked me if I would go home with him—I said I would not come home, and I was very aggravating to him—I kept saying to him, "You go by yourself; I won't go home," I knew there was nothing that aggravated him more than that—I went outside with him, and he asked if I would come home—I told him I would not, he might go by himself; and he asked me for 2d. to get a pint of beer with—Appleton said, "Let her go in again, because she should not be laughed at"—I was not so drunk then as I was afterwards—I went into the tap-room again; and the three young women and the two young men, and me, got quarreling, and I took off my bonnet and shawl—the prisoner was then standing at the fireplace, at my side—I received a wound, and found blood flowing from my neck—I cannot say who gave me the wound—we were all quarreling together—I knew no more till I found myself at the hospital.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. Were there other parties in the tap-room besides these five? A. Yes; two or three came in while we were quarreling.





WILLIAM HENRY APPLETON
. I worked with the prisoner—he had a horse and cart, and sold coke about the streets—he lived in Brick-lane, Spitalfields, and I lived with him—the last witness lived with him as his wife—on 13th Nov. the prisoner and I went out, between 9 and 10 o'clock, and went to Greenwich—before we went, the woman told the prisoner she was going to look for a room, and did not require us to go with her—we returned home between 6 and 7 that evening, both quite sober—we went home, and found

the female was not there—we sat down, and eat some bread; and the prisoner said, "Bill, let us come and see if we can find Harriet;" and we went to her mistress's, where she used to work at slopwork—she was not there, and the prisoner said, "Let us come to the Duke of York, in Brick-lane"—we went there, and found her sitting in the tap-room, with three other women and two men, drinking—she was rather tipsy, and the prisoner asked her if she would come out a minute, he wanted to speak to her—after asking her two or three times, she said, "I shall not come till I have eaten my pie"—about ten minutes after she had eaten her pie, Matthews again asked her to come out—she came out, and they went outside the door, and the prisoner asked her would she come home and go to bed—she said, "No; I will go in and bid them good-bye first"—she went in, and sat down, and poured out a glass of gin and drank it, and likewise handed the prisoner one, and he drank it, and sat down on the corner of the table, smoking—about ten minutes after they had come in there was a bit of a quarrel between the prosecutrix and another female, and the prosecutrix pulled off her bonnet and shawl, and began fighting—the prisoner was then standing at the fire, at my side—they left off fighting, and the prosecutrix sat down with the other female, about three yards off Matthews—Matthews walked up to the prosecutrix, put his hand into his right coat-pocket, pulled out this white-handled knife, and drew it along the prosecutrix's throat, just under the left chin—the prosecutrix sat on the form, bleeding, and then she was laid on the floor, and she kept crying out, "Mother, mother! Jim, Jim!"—the prisoner came to me, and said, "Bill, I have done it; go and get a policeman"—I said, "Done what?"—he said, "Cut her throat; go and get a policeman"—I know the knife; I have been in the habit of seeing it for five weeks or a month, while I have worked for the prisoner—it was generally kept on the table—I had seen the prisoner sharpening it that morning with a little file—he then tried it on a bit of wood, and said, "It will not cut now."

Cross-examined. Q. What time was it when he was sharpening the knife? A. As soon as we had had our breakfast, before the prosecutrix said she was going to take another room—they appeared to live very comfortably together.





ANN DOWNEY
. I am single, and live at Raven-street, Stepney. I was in company with the prosecutrix on this evening, but was in liquor when this happened—I do not recollect any one coming into the room.





JONATHAN COSIER
 (policeman, H 203). On 13th Nov., about half-past 7 o'clock, I was called to the Duke of York, I went into the tap-room—the prisoner bounced towards me as soon as I went in, and said, "I have done it; I will go with you; I am sorry for it; I hope I shall be hung for it"—I saw the prosecutrix lying on the floor, and a surgeon attending her—I received this knife from the landlady—at the station, the prisoner said he had done it for her, he had told her he should, and he hoped he should be hung for it, she had aggravated him to it.





JACKSON GOODENOUGH KENT
. I am house-surgeon at the London Hospital. The prosecutrix was brought there on 13th Nov.—she had been bleeding very much, and was so then—I examined her, and found a large wound on the left side of the neck, about three inches long and one deep—it partly divided one of the large muscles of the neck, and one of the large veins—it was an incised wound—this knife would make such a wound—she was in danger of her life about twenty-four hours, and was not able to attend at the police-court for a fortnight.




GUILTY
on 3rd
COUNT
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years
.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant and the Seventh Jury.

