




438. 




JOSEPH MORRELL
 and 




JOHN MORRELL



, stealing a gelding, a mare, and a pony, price 57l.; the property of 



George Rough.

Mr. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE ROUGH
. I live at Wandsworth-common, and am a contractor. On Saturday, 22nd Jan., I had three horses in my stable, a black gelding, a black mare, and a brown pony—the mare was worth 22l., the gelding 25l., and the pony about 10l.—on Sunday morning, 23rd, my attention was called to my stable by my son, and these horses were gone; and I missed a harness, three bridles, two collars, two pair of hames, a backhand, and a whip—I have seen the horses since—I have seen the harness, the whip, and two bridles—they were mine.





GEORGE ROUGH, JUN
. I live with my father at Wandsworth-common. On Saturday night, 22nd Jan., I saw the horses in the stable—there were six of them; there were a black mare, a black gelding, and brown pony—the pony was not in the same stable, but in a shed, which was open—a bar was placed against the stable door where the gelding and mare were—I left some harness in the stable—I have seen it since in Mr. Benson's possession—my brother saw the stable the next morning—there are gates to our premises—I went and found the gates were hooked.





WILLIAM ROUGH
. I am brother of the last witness. On Sunday morning, 23rd Jan., I saw the stable door at a little before 6 o'clock—the bar was propped up against it, but at the side of the door, not in its proper place to fasten the door—I had not seen it the night before—I went in, and missed the black mare and black gelding—I have seen them since; they were shown by Mr. Benson, and were what I missed.





GEORGE JAMES
. I lodged at the Antelope Inn, High-street, Wandsworth. On the night of 21st Jan. I saw the prisoners there in the taproom—I gave them a light to go to bed—that is about half a mile from Mr. Rough's—they slept in the same room that I did—they remained till 5 o'clock—they had breakfast and dinner there—I saw John Morrell change a sovereign—they said they had spent 11l. before they left London; that they had done no work lately, and did not intend to do any more.

Joseph Morrell Q. Did you ever see me before you saw me on that Friday? A. No.





THOMAS LEVY
 (policeman, V 142). On Friday, 21st Jan., I saw the prisoners in the furze on Wandsworth-common—they were going from the gravel pit of Mr. Rough towards the shed, about 200 yards off—I, suspecting they were Mr. Rough's men, took no notice of them.





JOHN BLACKLEY
. I reside at Buntingford, in Hertfordshire, and am a baker. On Sunday, 23rd Jan., I saw the prisoners—they came and asked me if I would let them have a pint of beer—they had three horses at the White Hart public house—they had two black horses; I believe one was a mare, and a brown pony—Joseph Morrell asked me to buy the pony—I believe John Morrell was in the taproom—he could bear what was said—Buntingford is thirty-one or thirty-two miles from London—Joseph Morrell wanted 3l. for the pony—he said his master had no further use for it, and if he did not sell it he should put it to the hammer and sell it by auction—I at last gave him 45s. for it, and a pot of beer—I paid the money to Joseph—I am not certain whether John was present or whether he was outside—they then went away, taking the two black ones—each of them rode on one—I have since seen the pony in possession of the constable.






JABEZ RINTOR
. I reside at Somersham, and am a horse dealer. On 24th Jan. I was at St. Ives' market—I saw the two prisoners there—one was leading a black mare, and the other a black horse into the market—I bought the black horse of John Morrell, and paid him nine sovereigns for it—he said he came from Puckeridge, that his name was George Morris, and he was a hay salesman—I asked him why he sold the horses; he said trade was bad; and he meant to sell these two, and buy one for less money—I have seen the horse I bought.





WILLIAM BENTON
. I am a superintending constable of St. Ives. On 24th Jan, I went to the Ram Inn, and saw John Morrell in the parlour—the last witness was asking him to return some money which he had paid him for a horse—I asked him what his name was; he answered, "George Morris," that he was a bay and straw carter, and he came from Puckeridge—I asked him where he got the horses; he said he had had the horse two years, and he bought it at Stortford; and the mare eighteen months, and he bought it at Rochford—I asked him what his man's name was (the other prisoner passed as his servant)—he said it was Joe Saville, and he had lived with him twelve months—I took him into custody, and went to look for Joseph Morrell—after looking about the town for him, I met him at the Ram—I asked him his name—he said, "James Wall"—I asked him his master's name—he said, "John Goddard," and he lived at Puckeridge—he said he had lived with John Goddard about six months—I asked him where the mare was—he took me to a beershop outside the town, where I found it, and took possession of it—there was some harness on the floor in the kitchen, which he said belonged to the mare—there were two bridles and a whip; he said he had lived six months with his master, and his master bad had the horse ever since he had been there; and the mare he bought since—I took him into custody—when at the station, John Morrell gave the name of John Goddard—on the following Friday they both asked me to write a letter for them; they said they were brothers; and their names were John and Joseph Morrell—they wished me to write to their father and mother, at Whitford, in Hertfordshire; I said I would, and I wrote it—John afterwards said a man at Puckeridge gave him the horse and mare to take to St. Ives, and he overtook them again at Royston, riding on a pony—they said the man sold a brown horse at Royston, and they saw nothing more of in—I received the black horse from Mr. Botell; I showed it to Mr. Rough and his son, and also to Mr. Rintor, who bought it first—I received a pony from Mr. Bryant, the superintendent at Buntingford—Mr. Blackley, who bought the pony, has since seen it also—I showed that, and the whip and bridles, to Mr. Rough and his sons, and they identified them.





GEORGE MAYNARD
 (police sergeant, V 21). I produce this harness.





GEORGE ROUGH
. This is my harness—this is my whip, it has my name on it.

Joseph Morrell's Defence. We were at Puckeridge; a man came with three horses and asked us if we would go to St. Ives with them; we said yes; we stopped at Buntingford, and there we sold the pony, and just before we got to Royston he overtook us and sold a brown horse, and he gave us 10s., and told us to go on.

JOSEPH MORRELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

JOHN MORRELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.





Transported for Ten Years.

(There were three other indictments against the prisoners).

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, APRIL 4TH.
