



258. 




WILLIAM ADAMS



, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL JARMAN
. I produce a certified copy of the record of the conviction of William Adams—(read—Convicted at Central Criminal Court, June, 1852; confined six months.)





DAVID DALE
 (policeman, K 425). I have heard the record read—the prisoner is the person mentioned in it—I was present at his trial.





RICHARD HUMPHERY
. I am assistant to Mr. Eveleigh, a draper, in Sidney-place, Commercial-road East. On 7th Jan. I saw the prisoner in my master's shop, about 7 o'clock in the evening; he asked for a pair of brown cotton stockings—the price was 11 1/2 d.—I got them for him—he offered in payment a bad 5s. piece—I thought it was bad, and passed it to my master—he said it was not worth a penny—the prisoner heard that—we gave the crown back to the prisoner—he said it was for two hard days' work he had done at the West India Docks—he said it must be good, for he could not bend it—he left the shop—I followed him a little way, but I lost sight of him—I do not know bow far my master's shop is from High-street, Poplar.

Prisoner. Q. What did I give you? A. A crown piece; I saw it after I gave it to my master—I did not mark it when I gave it to my master—I cannot swear to the crown piece—I can swear the one you gave me was a bad one—I know it was bad by the look of it—when you went out of our shop you went about 100 yards towards Poplar.





GEORGE CHURCHMAN
. My wife carries on business as a hosier, in High-street, Poplar, which is about two miles from the Commercial-road. On 7th Jan. the prisoner came, about 10 minutes or a quarter before 9 o'clock in the evening—he asked for a pair of cotton stockings—I saw him served by my wife—he gave her a bad crown piece—he put it on a piece of print—my wife said it was bad—she put it to her teeth, and said it was a rank bad one—the prisoner said, no, it was not; it could not be a bad one; it was a good one—on that, I came and took it out of my wife's hand—I asked the prisoner

where he got it from—he said, "From the Docks"—I took him out, and gave him in custody to a constable—I gave the crown piece to him.





ELIZA CHURCHMAN
. I remember the prisoner coming into the shop on the evening of 7th Jan.—he asked for a pair of stockings—I served him—he pat down a crown piece on a piece of print—I tried it with my teeth—it was a bad one—the prisoner said it was a good one, and he took it at the Docks that day—my husband took the crown piece from me.





WILLIAM PRATLING
 (policeman, K 334). I was met in the street, and took the prisoner in charge—I received this crown from Mr. Churchman—I searched the prisoner, but found nothing more on him—he said he took it for two days' work for Mr. Smith, working with a dung cart.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint This is a bad crown.

Prisoner. I was at work at the West India Docks for two days, and received that crown; T was not at work for the Company, but for a man unloading a vessel; I was paid that for two days' work; I went to the shop at Poplar, but as for the other shop I never saw it; I did not know this was bad.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

