




1161. 




GEORGE LAWRENCE
 and 




GEORGE BAYES



, stealing 8001bs. weight of tags, value 4l. 10s.; and 5 bags, value 3s.; the goods of 



Uzziel Emanuel and another, the masters of Lawrence: Bayes having been before convicted.


MESSRS CLARKSON
and
O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BEWLEY
 (police-sergeant, D 20). On 13th May I was in James-street,

Marylebone—at ten minutes before five o'clock in the morning, I saw both the prisoners riding on the front of one of Messrs. Emanuel's carts, which was coming in a direction from their warehouse, about a quarter of a mile from it—there were three bags of rags on the cart, which I could see, and the body of the cart would hold about two bags, it was a small cut, they were partly covered with a tarpaulin—it was going in a direction towards Oxford-street, in a straight direction towards Bayes's house—on 24th May, about half-past eight in the evening I went to Bayes's house—I told him I wanted him, for receiving three bags of rags, the property of Messrs. Emanuel, knowing them to be stolen—he said he was packing some rags, and he asked me to allow him five minutes to go down stairs to finish his job—I said, "No," he must consider himself my prisoner, and go the station—he then sat down on a bed in the parlour, and began crying—he said, "Now I am done!"


Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Were you in uniform? A. No, in plain clothes—there was a constable with me in plain clothes—I know the prosecutor's premises—I never saw them send out goods so early as that—I have seen them send out at seven or eight o'clock in the morning, not before—I was present when Lawrence was taken into custody, on the 23rd May, about six in the evening.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know Mr. Emanuel's sons? A. He has two sons, I do not know which you allude to—Bayes's place is in Tom's-court, which leads out of Duke-street, Grosvenor-square—Mr. Emanuel has one son in Henrietta-street, and his son-in-law carries on a business in rags, I think in the next street to Bayes.





RICHARD BARBER
 (policeman D 288). On 18th May I saw Lawrence come out of Messrs. Emanuel's rag-stores, at a little after half-past four o'clock in the morning—he had a horse and cart with some bags of rags—I thought there were either three or five bags—he drove in the direction of Oxford-street—I saw him come with the horse and cart, which had the tarpaulin in it, which, when he went out, was covered over the bags.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Were you in uniform that morning? A. I was on duty in uniform—I did not notice any one else about—there were persons going to work.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When the cart went out there was only Lawrence with it? A. No; and when it came back there was no one but him.





WILLIAM KEECH
 (policeman, C 102). I know Bayes. On Sunday night, 12th May, my beat was in his neighbourhood—he told me he wanted to be called on Monday morning at three o'clock—I called him—he said he was going to fetch some tailors' cuttings, and he was obliged to go early after them—at a few minutes before five o'clock that morning I was standing at the corner of Duke-street—I saw a cart which Lawrence was driving, there was no one else with it—it was drawn to Duke-street, opposite Tom's-conrt, where Bayes lives—after the cart had stopped there I saw Bayes come across Oxford-street towards his own house—that was the same way I had seen the cart come—Bayes asked me to have something to drink—I was willing to have something if there was a house open—I afterwards saw the cart and some bags containing rags—I will not be positive whether there were five or six in all, but Lawrence had taken two or three off the cart before Bayes got to it, and they laid in the archway—they were then all taken off by Lawrence, and put under the arch, and then Lawrence and Bayes both carried them into Bayes's house—on the Wednesday evening afterwards, at a little after nine, Bayes was standing at his shop door, and he said to me, "I am going to

send my man for a drop of porter, will you stop and have a drop?"—he sent his man for a pint of porter, and I went into the shop, and drank the porter with him and his man—he said he had sold the rags which he purchased on Monday morning, and he said to whom he had sold them, hut I forget who—I think he said he sold them the same day, or the next morning—he said he had cleared 4s. 3d. a cwt. by them—on the Saturday after Bayes was taken on the Friday, I saw the same cart which I had seen on that Monday morning at Mr. Emanuel's, with four or five others—I picked out the cart and the horse and harness—I went there for the purpose of seeing whether I could recognize it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it not 4s. 6d. a cwt. that he said he had cleared? A. I believe it was 4s. 3d.—I cannot tell whether I always thought it was 4s. 3d., but I can look in my pocket-book, for I made a memorandum afterwards, to see what the man got for his day's work—I think in the whole it was 1l. 18s. 3d.—when he told me he was going to fetch tailor's cuttings I do not know that he told me where he was to fetch them from.





CHARLES MOORE
. I am a rag-merchant, and live in Grafton-streer, Soho; I know Bayes. On Tuesday, 14th May, he came to a public-house at the corner of Litchfield-street, about half-past eleven o'clock—he told me he had about 8cwt. of water-flock, if I would purchase it—I asked him the price—he said 9s. per cwt.—I said I would give it him if it was good—he said he had bought it as a guess lot, but he had not paid the party—I went to Tom's-court to look at it—he took me into a shed at the back part of the house and showed me two bags of rags, or water-flock, and the other three bags were covered with another sort of rags—I bought them of him at 9s. a cwt.—he brought them to my house, and I weighed them—they were 6 cwt. 2qrs. 14 lbs.—I paid him 2l. 19s. 7d.—when he brought them to my door I saw my cousin, Henry Moore, who is occasionally employed by the prosecutor's son—when Bayes saw my cousin he said, "Here comes your cousin; don't say you bought them of me, but tell him that you employed me for an hour to draw the truck"—there was nothing else passed—I had the rags cut up and sold them—they were in five bags—I delivered two of them to the constable—I believe these are them—I cannot swear to these being the bags.





ANN SEABORNE
. I am the wife of Thomas Seaborne, a rag-merchant, in Grafton-street. On 24th May I saw Bayes at my house—he asked if my son (Charles Moore) was at home—I told him he was not, and asked him what he wanted him for—he said, nothing particular, only if any one should come round concerning the water-flock that he had sold him to say that he did not know him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you live with Charles Moore? A. He lives with me—what he buys is for my present husband, who is a rag-merchant—this conversation took place at my door—the bags had not then been taken from my place.





UZZIEL EMANUEL
. I am a rag-merchant, and have one partner—I have a warehouse in Bentinck-mews, and another in Marylebone-lane—Lawrence was one of my carmen; Bayes was another, but we discharged him on Christmas-eve—Lawrence had no authority to take out rags on the 13th of May, on the 14th, or the 15th—I come to business at half-past nine o'clock—Lawrence comes to work at seven—five bags of rags would ordinarily weigh eight or nine cwt., and would be worth from 4l. 10s. to 5l.—I gave Lawrence into custody on the 23rd—before I gave him into custody I called him into my

son's room, and told him I had had information he had been robbing me for some length of time—he said he had not.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. You are in very extensive business? A. Yes, as rag and metal merchants—I have three sons—one carries on business not on the same side of Oxford-street as Bayes lives, one is in one parish, and one in another—I have three horses—I have not done business with Moore; I have with his father-in-law.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you authorised this man to take goods of yours to Moore? A. No.

JURY. Q. Had Lawrence the keys of the warehouse? A. He had the keys of the gates that lead to the stable, and he had the opportunity of getting to the warehouse.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know where you got these rags? A. I believe one bag came from Shrewsbury.





WILLIAM BURTON
 (policeman, D 82). On 23rd May I took Lawrence into custody—he was called in—Mr. Emanuel asked him where he took the bags to on Monday, the 13th of May—he denied it, and said he did not take any out—Mr. Emanuel said, "Here are two policeman who saw you"—he said, "That is to be proved."

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Did not Mr. Emanuel say he would not hurt him if he told the truth, and did he not say he had never robbed him of a shilling's-worth? A. Yes—I received these two bags from Mr. Seaborne, in the presence of Moore.





JOSEPH PARK
. I am in the service of Mr. Emanuel—this bag is his—it has the letter Son it in my marking—I marked twenty of them about ten weeks ago; seventeen were sent off to Scotland, and there are two at home now.





PATRICK HISSON
. I live in Orchard-place, and am in the service of Mr. Emanuel—this other bag is his property—I marked it on his premises with the letter B.





PATRICK JENNINGS
 (policemen, D 123). I produce a certificate of Bayes' former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted Oct. 1842, and transported for seven years)—he is the man.

LAWRENCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—



Confined Twelve Months.


BAYES—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prosecutor stated that he had been plundered for some time, and had lost about 100l.-Worth of property.)
