



1359. 




JOHN LANE
, 

robbery upon 



Aaron Lemon, and stealing from his person 1 watch, value 30s.; his property.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






AARON LEMON
 (through an interpreter). I am a printer, and live at an institution in Palestine-place, Bethnal-green. On 9th May, I was walking with a friend in the neighbourhood of Spitalfields; at the corner of a street there were five or six persons standing, who had thrown a potato through a window, and they surrounded me and my friend, making gestures as if we had broken the window—the prisoner was one of them—he took me round the waist, and another person (See page 77) took a watch out of my waistcoat pocket, and broke the guard—they both ran away—I am sure the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Had you seen him before that day? A. No; it was about 12 o'clock—Mr. Abraham was with me, who is in the same institution that I am—the next time I saw the prisoner was at the police-court, about a month afterwards.





THOMAS TOWNSEND
 (policeman, H 54). I was on duty in George-street, Spitalfields. About noon, on 9th May, I saw a crowd, and went to see what was the matter—I saw the prisoner holding Lemon round the waist, and swaying him about—they appeared to be struggling—I saw another person on the side of him—when I came up they ran away—Lemon's watch-guard was hanging loose, and no watch to it—he said something I could not understand, and put his hand to his waistcoat-pocket—I ran after the prisoner, and caught him about 100 yards off—I searched him, and found nothing on him;

I left him, and ran after the other man—he was caught by a brother constable, who had got the watch when, I came up—I then returned, but could not find the prisoner—I have not the least doubt that he is the man; afterwards found him in Petticoat-lane, at 1 o'clock on Thursday morning, 5th June—I went up to him, and told him I should take him into custody for being concerned with another in stealing a watch—he said, "You know I urn innocent; why did not you take me before?"—I had seen him once, but did not take him then on account of his being amongst such a desperate gang of thieves, and my being alone—he was in a lodging-house for thieves in Keate-street, Spital fields.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in that house that you give the character of? A. I had been there several times, taking thieves out of it—I was not in the house when I saw him—I know when he was with the other man—he lived in Wilson-place, Flower and Dean-street, but he removed from there—when I saw him in the house in Keate-street, it was about 29th or 30th May—he did not come out of the house—he came up to the window which was open, and sung out my name as I was passing—I do not think I spoke to him—I do not know whether I did or not—I was not a yard from him—I did not see him on 3rd June—when I had searched the prisoner, the other man had just turned the corner of Keate-street to Flower and Dean-street—he was about thirty yards off—when I came back a great many of the crowd remained there—I did not notice every one.

MR. CAARTEEN. Q. Had you known the prisoner before living in Wilson-place? A. Yes; I went there the same day to look for him—I watched the place afterwards—when I came up to him on 9th May, I asked him where the watch was, and put my hand into his pocket, and searched him behind—I found he had nothing, and left him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22—


Transported for Ten Years.

