



1435. 




WILLIAM JONES



, stealing 1 truck, value 5l.; the goods of 



Richard West: having been before convicted.






WILLIAM WEST
. I live in St. James's-place, Hampstead-road, with my father who is a wheelwright. On Wednesday evening, 27th June, the prisoner came and inquired if the governor was at home—I told him he was in the country, but would return on the Friday evening—he said he wanted to know what he would build him a new truck for—I said about six guineas—he said he would come the next morning and hire one, and he came and brought his man with him—he hired a truck for half a day—it was my father's, Richard West's—the prisoner wrote down his name and address—the truck went away, and never came back—we found it in Winchester-street, Pentonville—I went to the address the prisoner gave, which was No. 23, Drummond-street, Euston-square, I could find no such person there—on the day before I went before the Magistrate, I saw the prisoner in Cheapside, in one of Hansom's patent cabs, and I gave him into custody—I told him I wanted to see him respecting the truck—he said, "Very good, he was just going to see about the truck and send it home."

Prisoner. Q. Have you any witness to prove what passed between us? A. No; the truck does not belong to me—I cannot say whether my father has seen it.





SAMUEL EVANS
 (City-policeman, 459). I took the prisoner—he told West he was mistaken in the man altogether, that he was not the man.





THOMAS GIDNEY
. I am a greengrocer, and live in Winchester-street, Pentonville. On Thursday, at the latter end of June, the prisoner came to me, and asked if I knew anybody that would buy a truck—I told him I would buy it—I have seen the prisoner about—I am sure he is the man—the truck was afterwards fetched away by a policeman—I saw the same truck at the police-office—I bought it, about two o'clock in the afternoon, for 30s.—I had it outside my door.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever sell a cart? A. No; I did not sell one the same day that I gave you the money for the truck—when I bought the truck I said I would give you 30s. for it—I did not say if you had sold it to any other person it would have fetched 3l.—I did not tell you where you could get the truck from—I did not say if you could get a truck I would give you half the price of it—it was not new painted when you brought it to me—it had not been painted a long while—I painted it blue.





WILLIAM WEST

re-examined. I saw the truck in Winchester-street—it was the same I lent to the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Had you ever seen it outside that door before? A. No; if I had I should have claimed it—it is worth from 4l. 10s. to 5l.

Prisoner's Defence. On the evidence you will find there was only 30s. given for the truck; Gidney was the whole and sole foundation of my getting it; he said he had lately sold a cart, and if I got this truck he would take, care it should not be found out, he would have it painted a different

colour; I got it, and went to a public-house, and he gave me 30s.; he said I had a right to do this, as he told me of two others which I got and sold; I knew him by seeing him on the Caledonian-bridge.





HENRY MONTAGUE
 (City-policeman, 97). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court by the name of William Norton—(read—Convicted February 1849, and confined six days)—I was present—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were three other indictments against the prisoner).
