



304. 




ROBERT FERDINAND PRIES
 was indicted

 feloniously forging and uttering an accountable receipt for goods, with intent to defraud.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE, PARRY, and
HOLL
conducted the Prosecution.






HERMAN CHRISTIAN TURCK
. I am a member of the firm of Collman and Stolterfoht foreign bankers, carrying on business in London and Liverpool. I know Mr. Pries—I have known him between six and seven years—he carried on business as a commercial agent—he was not a speculator in corn that I was aware of—I was in the habit of making advance of money to him, to a very considerable amount, lately, during the last year—I have at times advanced him above 50,000l.—I have not got in my possession an accountable receipt for corn, on 23rd Oct. (it was here produced)—I know this document—I received it from Mr. Pries—it is dated 23rd Oct., 1852—I advanced him money upon that—he owed us largely at that time—he deposited this with me either the day it bears date or the day after—it is signed, "Brown and Young" (read)—"By order of R. F. Pries we have this day transferred into the name of Messrs. Collman and Stolterfoht, 759 quarters, and four bushels of wheat (and other quantities by various ships) entered by R. F. Pries, and now lying at our granaries, Bermondsey-wall. The wheat is insured against risk of fire by us. Corn Exchange, 23rd Oct, 1852. Brown and Young."





THOMAS YOUNG
. I am one of the firm of Brown and Young—we warehouse corn—we call ourselves lightermen warfingers, and granary-keepers. The signature to this document is neither that of myself or my partner, or signed by our authority—my partner is here—goods are warehoused at our granaries by persons having the legal title to them in this country on their arrival—if after goods have been warehoused they are sold and require to be transferred, a similar document to this is issued, if it is required.

COURT. Q. If sold you would give a similar document by the order of the persons that lodged the goods with you, to the vendee? A. Yes

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. According to your custom, do you or not hold yourself responsible for goods that are represented by that document? A. Certainly.

COURT. Q.
TO whose order would you deliver the goods which would be delivered upon that document if it was genuine. A. To the order of Collman and Stolterfoht.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Sometimes I understand you do not give a document of this description at all? A. Never, unless it is required.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you give a document of that kind when it is required. A. Whenever it is required, not otherwise—in the event of it being required the corn remains ready for delivery to the parties to whose name it is transferred—we do not give any other document than this when we are requested to give any, not when we give a transfer of this kind; it is one similar to this—it may not be in the same words.

MR. HUDDLESTON
submitted that this document was not an accountable receipt, within the statute; it must first of all be a receipt; this was a document evidencing the possession or transfer of goods, but not a receipt; it merely amounted to an assertion on the part of Brown and Young, that upon a certain day they admitted the transfer of property from A. to B., and whether the document were given or not, the warehouseman would equally be answerable to the real owner; in support of this view he cited Harvey's case, Russell and Ryan 227;


Clark and Newsam 16, Law Journal Exchequer Reports 296, Reg. v. West, and Clark v. Chaplin, Exchequer Reports 26, were also referred to.






MR. BARON ALDERSON

was clearly of opinion that the document in question was an accountable receipt; it implied in substance that the goods had been received by Brown and Young from Pries, for the benefit of Collman and Stolterfoht and would be delivered to them or their order; if that were so it was surely a receipt of goods on the part of Brown and Young, which they would account for to Collman and Stolterfoht, or their order; it implied that they had received the goods, and that they would be accountable to them for them; it was true the word "receipt" was not named, but it was of necessity so implied that no one could see the one without implying the other.
MR. BARON MARTIN
entirely concurred.






JOHN DEWDIN BROWN
. I am in partnership with Mr. Young. The signature to this document is cetainly not mine, nor authorised by me in any way.

COURT. Q. Were there in your possession goods of that sort of Mr. Pries at the time? A. I should think very likely not; I do not attend to the granary department; my partner attends more to that than myself.

MR. YOUNG
re-examined. There were no goods of the kind in our possession.





HERMAN CHRISTIAN TURCK

re-examined by
MR. PARRY. At the time I received this document from Mr. Pries I knew there was such a firm as Brown and Young.

Q. I believe, though you did not actually advance money upon that document, yet, having it in your possession, you afterwards continued your advances to Mr. Pries? A. I did.

COURT. Q. On the faith of that document? A. Yes

MR. PARRY. Q. Do you know the handwriting of the body of that document? A. It is the prisoner's, the whole of it, except the signature; that I cannot speak to.

COURT. Q. Is it all written, or partly printed? A. It is all written.

MR. PARRY. Q. Do you remember, about 30th Dec, Mr. Pries coming to you? A. Yes, and it was agreed that we should give up this document on his repaying us our advances; at that time he was indebted to us about 50,000l.—I gave him this document back—he said he wanted it, to get an advance of money from other parties—I gave it him, and endorsed it—here is my endorsement across it—it is, "Retransfer the within to Mr. Robert F. Pries;" that was my order of retransfer to him, when he stated that he wanted it for the purpose of raising money—his signature is now underneath it; it was not there when I gave it him back.

Cross-examined. Q. I think after that 31st Dec., when you re-transferred that document, he paid you as much as 20,000l.? A. Yes, upon this retransfer and another—that left a very large balance still due to us, about 50,000l.—he reduced it from 70,000l. to 50,000l.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did he reduce it? A. I delivered this document on 31st Dec, and on 1st Jan. he paid 10,000l., and on the 4th 10,000l. more—I parted with another document at the same time—that leaves a balance due to us of about 50,000l.





EMILE ADOLPHE HERMAN
. I manage the business of Mr. Holford. I received this document on 1st Jan. from the prisoner—I knew the firm of Collman and Stolterfoht, and, seeing their name to it, I did not hesitate for a moment to take it; there was also another ware housekeeper's receipt—I advanced 18,000l. on the two.






JOSEPH HUGGETT
 (City policeman). On 8th Jan. I received information that the prisoner had absconded; in consequence of that information, and inquiries I made, I went to the station of the North Western Railway Company, Euston-square, about a quarter to 9 o'clock in the evening—the 9 o'clock mail train to York and Newcastle was about starting—I was accompanied by a gentleman from the house of Messrs. Monto and Co., who was acquainted with the person of the prisoner—I found the prisoner in a first class carriage; he had got a shawl round his neck, his coat buttoned up, and a skull cap on; I took him into custody—he had 101 sovereigns and 11s. 9d. upon him—I told him I was an officer, and I must trouble him to go back to the City with me—I did not mention the charge—he said nothing whatever to me—he had a carpet bag, which was full of new clothes, and he had also on him a railway ticket to Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

MR. HUDDLESTON
to
MR. YOUNG. Q. Would you have given a document of this description, signed "Brown and Young," if you had not had goods in your possession? A. Certainly not; it makes all the difference whether we had goods or not in our possession.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You would not have given a document of that description unless you had the corn in your warehouse? A. No.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Life.

(There were other indictments against the prisoner.)
