



32. 




JAMES WRIGHT, alias
 Edward Dobson




, feloniously uttering a forged 5l. note, with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PERRY
. I am a livery stable keeper, and live at No. 18, Swan-street, Borough. On 8th Nov., the prisoner came to my house, with two others—one of them, named Smith, engaged a horse and cart for two hours, for which he paid me 5s., and if they were longer he was to pay me more—he said it was either for Stratford or Mile-end-road, I do not know which—I went with them to a public house, and had a glass of ale—I was called to the yard, and left the horse and cart with my ostler—I did not see them start—the horse and cart was not returned; I had to fetch it from the station house—I have never been paid for it—I have not seen the two men since.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Was the horse and cart brought back to you the same night? A. No; I fetched it from the police station next day—I received information, about eight o'clock in the morning, from a policeman from the Leman-street station—I was not examined before the Magistrate.

COURT. Q. Was your name on the back of the cart? A. On the shaft.





JOSEPH TATHAM
. I am a tin plate worker and brazier, at No. 22, St. George's-street, Ratcliff-highway. On Wednesday afternoon, 8th Nov., I think between 5 and 6 o'clock, the prisoner came in a horse and cart—my lad, Griffiths, went out to mind the horse, and the prisoner came into the shop—he asked me the price of a still—there was one in the shop—I told him it was 4l. 10s.—he said, "Get it packed up for me"—he went to the cart, and brought a horse cloth and a carpet to pack it in—whilst I was packing it, the prisoner was sitting in my parlour, with my wife—he remained there, it might be, an hour—after it was packed, it was put into the cart—before that, the prisoner gave me a 5l. note—this (produced) is it—I can swear to it—I asked him to put his name to it—I gave him a pen and ink, and he wrote upon it, "James Wright"—here is the name he wrote—I said I had not got change—he said, "Well, I will go and get half a pint of gin"—I said, "While you get the half pint of gin, I will get change for the note—we went out of the shop together—the still was put

into the cart directly after be gave me the note—the prisoner put it in—he went towards a public house, and I went to a neighbour, a shoemaker, opposite—I was not there half a minute—I asked if he could give me change, and he said he had got none in the house—I did not show him the note—when I came out of my neighbour's, I saw the prisoner mounting the cart, and driving off—I pursued after him—I did not call out to him—I over-took him near the London Dock—I caught the horse by the head, and he said, "Halloo! Leave go of my horse's head, or else I shall knock you down"—I said, "No, you won't; I will either have my goods or the money"—he said, "I have paid you"—I said, "Yes, with a bad note"—he said, "No, with a good one; give me the note, and I will get it changed"—I said I should not part with it—I bad not given him the change—the policeman, Chapman, came up, and I gave him in charge—he was taken to the station, and I delivered the note to the inspector.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the name written on the note before be drove away with the still? A. Certainly; he wrote it in my parlour—the still did not make a very large parcel, about two feet two inches in height, and twenty inches in diameter—I did not particularly notice the cart, it was an open cart—I did not see the name on it—he gave me the note, before he pot the still into the cart—I was not out of the house above a minute, Wore I saw him driving off.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you part with the note until you gave it to the inspector? A. I did not.





THOMAS GRIFFITHS
. I am shop boy to Mr. Tatham. On 8th Nov., the prisoner came to the shop—he told me to mind the horse and cart, and I minded it about an hour and a quarter; I saw him come out of the shop with a copper; be put it into the cart—he bad an empty bottle, be gave it to me, and told me to go over to the public house and get half a pint of gin—I went and when I returned he was gone, and my master after him.

Cross-examined. Q. What time of day was this? A. About 7 o'clock.





JAKES CHAPMAN
 (policeman, H 80). On Wednesday evening, 9th Nov., I was in St. George's-street, Ratcliff-highway, between 8 and 9 o'clock, and heard a cart rattling along—I stopped and listened, and in about two minutes I went and found the horse and cart standing still—the prisoner was out of the cart holding the horse's head, and Mr. Tatham was there also—the still was in the cart—I beard the prisoner say something about a note that he had given Mr. Tatham—Mr. Tatham said, "Yes, but it was a forged one"—I went up directly and saw the prisoner with his hand up, shoving Mr. Tatham away—I asked Mr. Tatham, whether he bad taken a bad note—he said, "Yes," he believed it was—I said, "Will you give him into custody?"—he did so—I said to the prisoner, "You must go to the station, and if it is a bad note you will be detained, and if not you will be set at liberty"—he said he would not go, and be wanted Mr. Tatham to give him the bad note back again—Mr. Tatham said he would not—I asked Mr. Tatham to show me the note, and I saw the name of James Wright, written on it—another constable came up, and I asked him to take the cart, and I took the prisoner—as we went along, he asked me how I thought he would get on—and he said, "Make it as easy as you can, and I will give you a shilling or two, or two or three, or three or four; I won't stand to a shilling"—I told him, he must ask the inspector about that—he then asked to walk on one side of the cart, and me on the other; to walk by himself; the other policeman was leading the horse—I told him to come with me, and walk behind the cart to see that nobody took anything out—

he said, "No, you walk on one side of the cart, and I will walk on the other"—I said, "No," when I had charge of a prisoner, I made sure of him—he made no answer to that—he afterwards said that he had got another note in his pocket, and that might be a bad one—he was searched at the station, and 2s. 5 1/2 d., and a good 5l. note found on him; I heard him asked his name, and he said James Wright—he was asked where he lived, and he said No. 21, St. Andrew-street, near Horsemonger-lane gaol—he was then locked up, and the horse and cart was taken to the greenyard—next morning I went to No. 21, St. Andrew-street, and inquired for Mr. Wright—I could not find that name—I gave a description of the person to Mrs. Davies, the landlady, and then learnt that his name was Dobson—I searched the place—I found a desk there—I brought it away—I have the contents here—I took the desk to the station—the prisoner said it was his desk, but there was nothing in it to hurt him—I met the prisoner's wife close against the station house gate, and in consequence of her request, I permitted her to ride in the cab with the prisoner to the police court—on the way she said to him, "Edward, you have been duped into this, you have been led into this by others"—he told her to hold her tongue, and not say anything, for he should not—on returning from the police court I examined the desk, and found a deed of apprenticeship in it, of Edward Dobson to Isaac Dobson, his father—the name of Perry was on the cart—it was the same cart that Mr. Perry got from the greenyard next day.

Cross-examined. Q. Before you saw the name on the cart, did the prisoner tell you to whom it belonged? A. I believe he told the inspector.

COURT. Q. Was the address on the cart? A. Yes.





ELIZABETH DAVIES
. My husband is a wheelwright, at No. 21, St. Andrew-street, Horsemonger-lane; the prisoner lodged with me—he went by the name of Dobson.





WILLIAM WYBURD
. I have examined this note—it is a forgery in every respect.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

(Charles Kingaby, a publican, deposed to the prisoner's character.)
