



1013. 




ELIZA KING



, stealing 4 sovereigns; the moneys of 



George Twiddle, from his person: having been before convicted.






GEORGE TWIDDLE
. I am a grocer's assistant. Between twelve and one o'clock on the morning of 26th April I was in Jamaica-row, Bermondsey, with a friend—the prisoner came and asked us to go home with her, and we both went to a house in Rose and Rummer-lane—my friend went with another female we saw there, and I went with the prisoner—when I got into the room I was alone with her—I took out my purse, and saw I had four sovereigns and about 12s. in silver—I was quite sober—I gave her some money, and put my purse into my left-hand trowsers-pocket—I kept my trowsers on—I afterwards left the room, went into another room, found my friend and the other woman there; and in consequence of what my friend said,

I took out my purse—directly the prisoner saw that, she came behind me, pushed me into the room I had been in, shut the door, and said she was going for some beer, and went into the street—I looked at my purse, and missed four sovereigns; and the ring was slipped to the middle of it—I went after the prisoner, and could not find her—I then went to the station, got a policeman, and found her in a public-house in King-street, Borough.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you give the other woman in charge? A. Yes; she was discharged—we had been to a concert at the Grapes Tavern, Southwark-bridge-road—what we had there would not intoxicate anybody—we went at seven o'clock, and came out just before twelve—we had only two pints of ale—we called at a public-house on our way from the Grapes, and had one pint of porter—I was going home when we met the prisoner—my friend was going to sleep with me at my father's that night—we did not go home at all.





EDMOND WALKER
 (policeman, M 274). I was called by Twiddle, and found the prisoner at the King's Arms, at half-past three o'clock—I told her she was charged with robbing a gentleman of four sovereigns—she said she was quite struck—she appeared rather the worse for liquor—I found 7s. on her.





HENRY HUNT
 (policeman, M 83). I produce a certificate—(read—


Eliza Martin, Convicted Sept., 1847—confined twelve months)—I was at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

