



1186. 




JAMES JONES



, stealing 1 tin tray, and 1 tumbler, value 1s. 6d., 2 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 13 half-crowns, 40 shillings, 18 sixpences, and 13 groats; the property of 



Edward Tyler, in his dwelling-house.


MR. COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution.






MART ANN PAGDIM
. I am bar-maid to Mr. Edward Tyler, who keeps the Colville Tavern, in King's-road, in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea. On 6th April, about twenty minutes before eleven o'clock, my attention was attracted by the jingling of some money; in consequence of that I went in the bar, and saw the prisoner with a little tin tray which had this money on it—he was against the street-door, and had the tray in his hand—I had seen it safe on the side, about three minutes before—there was 8l. 6s. on it in silver and gold—there were eight shillings worth of 4d.-penny pieces, and three or four sovereigns, I could not say for certain—the money was Mr. Tyler's—I am sure the prisoner is the person—he saw me—I called to him and said, "What are you doing with that strap?"—I thought he was cutting the strap of the street-door—I had an opportunity of seeing bit face, and he had been in the house before, that evening.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Were you near shutting-up? A. We had not begun—the prisoner was at the strap of the street-door when I, spoke—I said, "What are you doing with that strap?" and he started off directly.





SUSAN LLOYD
. I am single, and reside in Chelsea. At twenty minutes before eleven o'clock that night, I was about twenty-five yards from the Colville Arms—I saw a man run past roe, and he threw down what I thought was glass—he was running in a direction from the Colville Arms—he went on about twenty yards further, and threw a tray down—in about two minutes I went to the spot where I heard the other substance thrown, and picked up 14s. off the ground—there were half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences—I did not observe the features of the person, but hit drew was exactly like the prisoner's—I only saw one person running—the officer came up with the prisoner about four or five minutes after I saw the man pass.





THOMAS DOUGLAS
 (policeman, B 323). I was on duty that night, about three minutes walk from the Colville Arms—I heard some silver drop, I think about a quarter before eleven o'clock—the prisoner came running in a direction from the Colville Arms, and I saw him throw this tray down—I fullstopped, lowed him a short distance, and he threw a glass down—I gave an alarm, he was and I took him—I went back and saw Lloyd, and she gave me 14s.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean that you saw the prisoner throw this tray away? A. Yes; I am positive of it—it is a narrow street—he threw it down close to a shop—I was at the opposite corner.

COURT. Q. Did you search him? A. I saw him searched, and money taken from him—2l. 10s. in gold, and some silver; 6l. 18s. 10d. in all has been recovered.





MART ANN PAGDIM

re-examined. This is the tray, it is Mr. Tyler's.




GUILTY
. † Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

