




1116. 




ALIE
 and 




AHALT



, feloniously wounding 



Robert Mills, with intent to murder him, on the 
high seas.

(The prisoners had the evidence explained to them by an interpreter.)

MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution,





THOMAS GOLDS WORTHY
. I was a seaman on board the Queen of the Teign; I shipped at Sunderland. At Singapore there were a number of Lascars shipped on board—the two prisoners were part of the Lascar crew—I think there were sixteen or seventeen Lascars on board altogether when we left Singapore, and there were nine English on board—I recollect the evening of 22nd July very well—we were then out in the open sea—the captain's watch terminated at 12 o'clock at midnight—the mate's watch began at 12 o'clock—William Treat was the mate—I was in his watch—Robert Mills was also In that watch—there were three Englishmen altogether, and five Lascars—Ahalt was one that was in that watch—a man that we called the tindal was another; Awang, and Lartan, and Hamet; they were the five Lascars—during the commencement of the mate's watch I was at the wheel—while I was there my attention was attracted by something on deck; I did not know what it was—I saw the blacks going about the deck to and fro, and looking under the boat—I did not hear anything said that attracted my attention—the first thing I observed was two of the Lascars, the tindal, and a man called Awang, came up and attacked me and the mate—I had not observed that anything had passed between the tindal and the mate, or Awang and the mate, before they attacked him—I had not said or done anything to the tindal or Awang—at the time that the tindal and Awang made the attack I did not see either of the prisoners—the tindal and Awang attacked me and the mate with daggers, or Malay kreeses—after I was attacked in this manner, I ran into the cabin and gave the alarm—these are the sort of daggers I saw that night (produced)—I never saw the Lascars wear these upon them till that night—when I went into the cabin and gave the alarm, the captain came on deck—I did not come with him; I ran into the steerage, and gave the alarm there; I rattled the door, and sung out for the Englishmen; I sung out, u Murder!"—the Englishmen came on deck; they were up before me—when I came on deck I saw there was a great deal of fighting going on—the men were attacking the mate—the mate was very nearly killed—the tindal and Awang were two that were fighting with the mate—I did my best towards it; I lent a band to knock them down; if I had not done it you would not see me here now—when I came on deck, the captain, and Northalt, and the mate, and the second mate, Cummings, were being attacked by the Lascars—I am sure I could not mention the names of the persons who attacked them; they were the blacks—I saw they had kreeses and iron bars in their hands—I did not see either of the prisoners at that time—I was armed with cutlasses when I came up again on deck—four of the Lascars were killed that night, and Cree jumped overboard—the tindal was one that was killed, and Awang, Draman, and Seden—none of them were any of my watch that night, but the tindal and Awang—after I came on deck and

cut down some of these men with the cutlass, the Lascars ran forward, and went down into the forecastle—the Lascars were afterwards lashed to the rigging—I believe all were lashed except the boatswain, and the steward, and a Chinaman—the two prisoners were part of those who were lashed—they were kept in that state till we got to Gibraltar—I did not see either of the prisoners do anything on the night of 22nd July—they had done all their deeds before I came on deck.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. There were sixteen Lascars shipped at Singapore. Do you mean that those sixteen persons all spoke the same language? A. I cannot tell you that; they were persons that belonged to different parts of the country—these men were lashed to the rigging, and they were kept there exposed to the weather till we got to Gibraltar.





WILLIAM BURFORD TREAT
. I was chief mate on board the Queen of the Teign. I believe we shipped fifteen Lascars at Singapore, and one Chinaman, and we had nine English—on the night of 22nd July I was at my watch from 12 till 4 o'clock—the captain's watch had turned in—about 1 o'clock I was sitting abreast the wheel aft, on the starboard side—in the course of my watch I had not observed anything unusual—there were men there who were not on the watch—it was unusual for men who are not on the watch to remain on deck—I saw two or three of the watch below, on deck—men who ought to have been in bed—they were moving about—I saw nothing particular done by either of them before the attack was made on myself—the prisoner Ahalt was on my watch—he was one who was on deck, I could not swear to the other prisoner being there—I first heard Goldswortby call to me, "Look out, sir, there are some men coming here!"—I looked, and saw Cree coming on one side of me, and the tindal on the other side—the tindal had a kreese in his hand—I could see it—Cree came aft, and when he came abreast of me he raised an iron bar which he had with both his hands, and made a blow at me—I jumped up, and received the blow on my back—I think it took me on the loins—I jumped inside the man's arms and took him by the shirt—I carried him off the poop, which is about three feet high, and threw him down on deck—while I was struggling with John Cree, trying to get the bar away from him, Awang came up; he made a blow with a kreese, which went through my coat and waistcoat, but did not touch the skin—it was a stab—he made a second attempt, a second stab; I saw it coming—I let go John Cree, and received the blow of the kreese on my arm—I seized Awang's hand with my left hand, and held him, and while I was holding him, the tindal stabbed me several times—the stab once entered my belly, and five or six other Lascars were on me at the same time with knives and bars—as near as I can recollect, as I was in such a state of excitement, the captain was the first man who came to my assistance—he took the kreese out of Awang's hand—he took the blade out of the handle—I received three blows in the body, one in the arm, and several in the back—the wound in the back is quite well; the one in the belly is very dangerous—I have an abscess now in my back—I became disabled; I was carried below, and laid, I think, a fortnight; I could not get out of bed at all—I think the captain did not assist me down; I was in that state, almost fainting, that I hardly knew who was there—the first thing I saw was the Sevang's wife; she brought me to—I think she had been using brandy—I had fainted; I could not tell whether the fighting continued after I was below—I know Ahalt was in my watch that night—I did not see him near me at the time I was being attacked.

Cross-examined. Q. After you left Singapore, and previous to this unfortunate occurrence, had there not been a serious altercation between the boat-swain's

mate and several of the Lascar crew? A. I believe there had, Sir between the serang and the tindal—the serang was a black—I never knew that part of the Lascars took the part of the serang, and the Others took the part of the other side—they appeared to be very comfortable in general.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had the English party anything to do with it? A. No; it was amongst the Lascars in their own language—it was all talk.





ROBERT MILLS
. I was a seaman, on board the Queen of the Teign. I was in the mate's watch on 22nd July last—I remember two bells striking; that was 1 o'clock—Goldsworthy was at the wheel at that time—I observed the Lascars, who were on the watch on deck—just before the two bells struck, 1 saw Kishner on deck; he was not on the watch—he went to the cask to get some water—about half an hour after, I was sitting down with my hands in my pockets between the winch and the 'midships, near the long boat, and a man knocked me down with an iron bar; that was the first thing I noticed—the man who knocked me down was Seden—he was not on the watch, he was the cook of the Lascars—it was not usual for him to be on deck at that time—he had a right to be below, from 8 o'clock at night till 4 o'clock in the morning—I got up, and be knocked me down again; he knocked me down three times, and when I got up the third time, Alie stabbed me in the jacket with a knife—it did not touch my flesh—I saw a knife in his hand—I do not know what became of it, but I know he had a sheath knife in his hand—I grabbed a piece of wood out of the long boat to defend myself—I made the best of my way aft—there were five after me, and they had iron bars and sticks in their hands—I could not recognise any of them, only the two that strnck me first; they were Seden and Alie—when I got to the back of the poop, a man shoved me down against the rail; that was Ahalt—he jumped off the poop, and got hold of the stick that I bad in my right hand—I hauled it away from him—he let go, and I fell on my back against the topsail brace, and he stabbed me in my left foot with a knife; he gave me three stabs in my left foot, when I had my back against the brace—at that time the chief mate was on the starboard side, and some of the Lascars were round him—at the time Ahalt stabbed me in the foot, there were no other Lascars round me; the others bad left me just between the poop and the mainmast—I should say it was half a minute from the time that Alie cut my jacket with the knife, till Ahalt stabbed me in the foot—Alie was not on my watch; he had been on the watch up to 12 o'clock, the first watch—he belonged to the captain' watch—I do not know where Alie was at the time that Ahalt stabbed me in the foot—the mate was on the starboard side; I was on the larboard side, on my back, on the poop against the topsail brace, when I was stabbed—when I got up again from the poop, I jumped down in the cabin—as I was going down in the cabin, the captain was coming up—I did not see the second mate till they were all lashed.

Cross-examined. Q. This 1 o'clock was in the night? A. Yes; about half past 1 o'clock—it was not blowing hard; it was a very light wind—we had no light on board, except that in the binnacle—at the time of the commencement of this violence on me, I was sitting between the winch and the 'midships, just astern the long boat—I did not see Treat, the mate, at that time—the poop was three feet or two feet and a half above the deck.





WILLIAM TAPLING STOOKE
. I was master of the Teign. I am related to the owners—I had a general cargo on board, chiefly consisting of sugar and pepper—I shipped sixteen Lascars at Singapore—on the night this occurred, my watch had turned in at 12 o'clock; I generally turn in a little before 12 o'clock—I was disturbed about half past 1 o'clock—I went on

deck, and saw the chief mate and the Lascars straggling—there were about four or five Lascars, as well at I could see; it was moonlight, but cloudy and dark at times—one of the Lascars, who was engaged with the mate, had a kreese in his hand—I could not see whether the others had any weapons—the mate appeared to be wounded; he was crying out, saying he was stabbed to the heart—he was leaning against the side of the vessel—I interfered—I seized the kreese in the Lascar's hand, and drew the blade out of the handle—the mate was carried below—I saw his wounds afterwards, and dressed them—he was seriously hurt, so much so, that I thought he would have died—Awang was one of the men that were about, the one I took the kreese from; I could not swear to any of the others—I did not notice either of the prisoners that night—I should say I continued on deck about ten minutes—I then went below to dress the mate's wounds—I returned to the deck in about ten minutes; there was no fighting going on then, it was all over—while I was down, dressing the mate's wounds, I heard the noise of scuffling and fighting going on, and when I came up I found four of these men lying dead.

Q. Did you at any time have any conversation with either of these men as to what caused this? A. Yes; Ahalt told me without my asking him—I could not say when, but be told me repeatedly at different times that they intended to murder the English, to take the ship, and take her to California, and that David Fair fold was going to navigate the ship—Fairfold was one of my crew—I had occasion to disrate Fairfold during the voyage, sometime previous to this—he had been an able seamen, and I bad sent him forward—he messed by himself, but I sent him forward with the Lascars—he slept in the same part of the ship with the Lascars by way of punishment—at the time there was this disturbance on deck, and there was an alarm, which caused the English sailors to come on deck to render assistance, Fairfold did not come, with them; he remained below till it was all over—I did not notice the prisoners do anything in the course of that night—I cannot say that they were on deck.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe some of the Lascars were men of very bad character? A. I heard so—I did not know before that one of them had been engaged in a mutiny on board another vessel—I believe the tindal attempted to murder the Sevang's wife during the voyage, on board the vessel.

Q. You had conversation with Ahalt; through what medium was it? A. I speak their language a little myself, and be speaks broken English—he did not say that that portion of the crew who were killed or thrown over-hoard had that mutinous and piratical design, and he himself had not—I do not perfectly understand Malay.





ADAM CUMMINGS
. I was second mate on board the Queen of the Teign. I was in the captain's watch, and was below when this disturbance began—I came up on deck in consequence of being alarmed—as I was going up, I got a blow on my head with a stick, or bar of iron, I could not say which—it was Alie that struck me—when I got on deck, I saw the mate and three of the Lascars struggling together—when Alie struck me, he was sixteen or twenty feet from where the mate and the other Lascars were—I did not see Mills or Ahalt.
(The Captain stated, that during the voyage he had had the means of observing the general conduct of the prisoners, and they were well conducted, quiet, offensive men.)

ALIE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

AHALT—


GUILTY
. Aged 39. Recommended to mercy by the Jury, on the supposition of their ignorance of the value of life.—



Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

