




773. 




JOHN GRIFFITHS
 and 




WILLIAM CARR



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



David Methven, and stealing 5 waistcoats, 2 dresses, and other articles, value 6l. 6s.; his goods: and 1 cloak, value 5s.; the goods of 



Margaret M'Knight Griffiths: having been before convicted.


MR. CRIPPS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BOODY
. I live at 2, Duckett-street, Stepney, and was in charge of Mr. Methven's house, in Stepney-square—I left it safe on 12th March, between eight and nine o'clock—I locked the door behind me, and took the key in my pocket, I returned at half-past one, unlocked the door, and found the chain up—I got my head in, and saw the prisoners come down-stairs, undo the back door, and go into the yard—I went round to the back of the house, into Whitehorse-lane, and saw both prisoners come over the wall—I ran after Griffiths, and sent the policeman after him, who brought him back to me—he is the man—I went back, and found a bag of clothing in Mr. Methven's bedroom, ready to be taken away.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Is it a large house? A. Yes; the house next door was empty—there was nobody there but people repairing it—you can pass from there to the area of Mr. Methven's house—I got round by the time the prisoners mounted the wall—I had only to pass one house and a wall—it was sixty or seventy yards—I did not go into Mr. Methven's room at nine o'clock—I had been out at six, and came home again, and left at nine—the back door is directly opposite the street door—the stairs face it—I had a view of the prisoners' faces—I think Griffiths came down first—he was over the wall last—I am punctual to Carr, by the spots on his cheek—I took particular notice of both prisoners, and swear to them.






WILLIAM FITZGERALD
 (policeman, K 58). Boody pointed out Griffiths to me—I ran after him to the top of Louisa-street, Mile-end-road, about a quarter of a mile—I caught him sitting down in a timber-yard there—I searched him, and found this double skeleton key in his pocket—he tried to prevent my taking it out, and said, "Take me to some private place"—I took him to Mr. Dixon's, who said he had had these things chucked over his wall (producing some clothes tools, and a bag)—I there took this skeleton key from Griffiths' pocket—it opens Mr. Methven's door.

Cross-examined. Q. You found him quietly sitting down after the chase? A. Yes; I lost sight of him in turning a corner for about half a minute, and when I saw him again he was sitting in the timber-yard—I was rather heated, and so was he; he was quite fatigued, and had not a puff of wind in his belly—I observed him particularly while running after him—this key would open a great many houses in the neighbourhood—the house is in Stepney parish.





MART ANN BUCKLEY
. I live in James-street, Stepney. On 12th March, about the middle of the day, I was by the side of Mr. Methven's, and saw the prisoners come over the wall very fast—I was under the wall, and looked up at them, and saw their faces—I am sure they are the men—Griffiths ran up Whitehorse-lane—I saw him throw a bundle into Mr. Dixon's garden—I ran, and pointed him out to Fitzgerald.

Cross-examined. Q. How high is the wall? A. Six feet—Carr came over first—his face was towards me—I did not hear them speak to each other.





THOMAS DIXON
. I live at 44, Beaumont-square—Whitehorse-lane leads into the square. On 12th March, about the middle of the day, I saw several people running past my window—I heard something, went into the garden, and found a silk cloak and a black bag scattered about in the garden—I had been there not five minutes before, and they were not there then—Fitzgerald brought Griffiths to me, searched him, and took a skeleton key from his pocket.





HENRY ATTWOOD
 (policeman, F 152). On 19th March I took Carr, in Brokers'-row, Drury-lane, in the street, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and told him I wanted him, for committing a robbery in Stepneysquare with Jack Cale (the name Griffiths goes by)—he said he knew nothing about it—I found on him forty-two skeleton keys, and this dark lantern in his hat, and this bag, which is made of the same material as the one found at Mr. Dixon's—the keys vary from a small desk key to a warehouse key—there may be several wards to a lock, but they will pass over them all, and touch the lock with the extremity only—here is a picklock.





DAVID METHVEN
. I live in Stepney-square. I left my house in Boody's charge—I was sent for, went into my bedroom, and found a black bag on the floor, containing waistcoats, dresses, and linen, from the wardrobe, which was open—I had locked it myself on the Thursday—I believe this mantle belongs to my servant.





ALLEN PHILLIPS
 (policeman, F 8). I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office—(read—


John Cale, convicted May, 1842, of larceny, having been before convicted; transported for seven years)—I was present—Griffiths is the man.

GRIFFITHS—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


CARR—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

