



436. 




WILLIAM JOHN HOPKINS



, stealing 1 chain, 2 seals, 1 coat, and other articles, value 3l. 5s.; the goods of 



Joseph Lurkin Turtle: and 2 watches, 3 rings, 1 painting, and other articles, 7s. 10d.; and 1 half-sovereign; the property of 



Peter Turtle, in his dwelling-house: having been before convicted.






PETER TURTLE
. I live at 11, Freeman's-lane, in the parish of St. John, Southwark; it is my dwelling-house. I gave the prisoner an asylum in my house for a short time, and he left about the middle of Sept.—he had then been with me four weeks and four or five days—he was in a state of destitution, but was going to sea, and was waiting for his ship—he has lived with me on and off twenty-two or twenty-three years—a few days prior to 26th Sept., I had warned him to leave, and on that day I missed two watches out of my drawers, which were locked, and on the following day a mourning ring and a gold ring—I went out to work in the morning, leaving the drawer safe, and when I came back I missed the things—I afterwards saw my son with this letter (produced)—it is the prisoner's writing; I know it, I have seen him write many times—it is directed to my son, who is here—my son had at the same time the duplicates of two watches, which I have since seen, one in the prisoner's hands and the other in the pawnbroker's—these are them (produced)—

they are mine, and what were in the drawer—on 28th Nov. I missed a suit of my clothes, and a suit of my son's from two drawers in the same chest—those drawers were not locked, but the room door was—the policeman has my son's suit.





JOSEPH LURKIN TURTLE
. I live with my father, and have known the prisoner a long time—I recollect his coming and staying at our house from Aug. to Sept.—on 26th Sept., about nine o'clock in the morning, while my father was out, he came and had breakfast with me—I cannot exactly say how long he stayed; he left between ten and twelve, the same day the watches and rings were missed—I received this letter on 10th Oct.; it is the prisoner's writing—(read—"Joseph, If you go to Emma Cook's, No. 3, New-street, Kent-road, you will be able to get the mourning-ring; the other one I have left at aunt Price's; the tickets enclosedof are the watches. your, Willame Johan Hopkins P.S. I know that she pledged the mourning-ring for 5s., at the corner of the Southwark-bridge-road, on 28th of last month, about nine in the evening, so it will not do for her to say I did not let her have it for herself")—The letter contained two duplicates of watches; I took them to the pawn Broker's, and the watches were produced—I went to Emma Cook's, got the ticket of the ring, went to Mr. Attenborough's, the pawnbroker's, and paid the interest for fear it should be lost—this is the ring (produced), it is my father's property—we afterwards missed wearing-apparel, which we have got since by means of a ticket which was found by a lodger in the back premises.





JOHN JOSEPH SHARP
. I am a coffee-house keeper. The prisoner lodged with me; when he went away he left a bundle containing two shirts, a pair of stockings, two handkerchiefs, and a picture; I delivered them to the policeman after the prisoner was in custody—the prisoner told me it was his mother's picture.





EMMA COOK
. I live at 24, New-street, Kent-road. I know the prisoner; about two months before I was before the Magistrate he went home with me, and gave me this ring to pledge; I pledged it for 5s., and he made me a present of the duplicate—about a fortnight after I gave it to Mr. Joseph Lurkin Turtle.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not give you 4s. 6d.? A. Yes; and in the morning you asked me whether it was my own room; I said, "Yes;" you said you would like to have breakfast, but you had no money—I said you were welcome to a cup of tea or coffee; and after that you asked me to pledge the ring which you took off your finger.





ROBERT DICKER
. I am a pawnbroker, of Commercial-terrace, Lime-house I produce one of these watches, which was pledged on 26th Sept.—I did not take it in, I only know by the ticket.





DAVID HANSELL
 (policeman, M 17). I took the prisoner on 9th Dec, and said, "I suppose you are aware what it is for?"—he said, "Oh, yes! all right, Davey, I will go with you; I am aware of it"—Joseph Turtle came up to him and said, "Bill, I did not think you would have served me so, such a friend as I have been to you"—he said, "Well, it is done; it is a bad job."

Prisoner's Defence. I had some breakfast with him; went out, and have not been in the place since. V.





GEORGE MADDOX
 (Thames police-inspector), I produce a certificate—

(read—Central Criminal Court, William John Hopkins, Convicted Oct. 1847; confined eighteen months) I was at the trial, the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner. The prosecutor found I had nothing to do with that robbery; he petitioned the Secretary of State, and got me out after eight months.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

