



792. 




CHARLES WOOD



, felonionsly assaulting 



Thomas Carter Wigg with intent to rob him, being armed with a life-preserver.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS CARTER WIGG
. I am a tea-dealer, of Somers'-terrace, Walworth-road. On Sunday morning, 12th Jan., between one and two o'clock I was returning home with my son who is nine years old—we went down West-street which leads from Walworth-road into Lorimer-place—I heard two men walking rapidly behind me—I crossed out of West-street, across

the end of Canterbury-place—this is the position of the road—(looking at a plan)—I turned round, saw two men, and heard them whisper—I was surprised at their being behind me so quickly—I immediately received a blow on my head with a life-preserver, I should imagine from the prisoner but I could not distinctly swear it—I turned round, and directly received mother blow on my right temple with an instrument like this life-preserver (produced)—I had an umbrella, and struck and thrust at them once or twice—there is a lamp at this corner (pointing to it)—I backed towards it—I called out, "Murder!" and they both rushed on me—one of them knocked off my hat, and I received a blow, I cannot say from which of them—my little boy ran away, and called out—one of them ran after him—the other still kept pursuing me—I kept defending myself with my umbrella, and I received several blows on my shoulders with a short stick, or life-preserver—I saw nothing more of the man that went after my boy—after that man had gone away, I struck and thrust at the other with my umbrella—one of the thrusts took effect on his hat—after some time a window was thrown open, and he ran away about twenty yards on the other side of the way, in the direction of the Bee-Hive—he then returned, and ran up Canterbury-place very rapidly—I saw his face distinctly by the lamp—a policeman came up in a direction from the Bee-Hive, and I told him—he immediately went up Canterbury-place—I am positive the prisoner is the man—I was bleeding, and was taken home by a policeman—after I had been at home a abort time the prisoner was brought, and I recognised him immediately—I saw a mark on his hat over his left temple, and when his hat was taken off I saw a red mark op his left temple, corresponding with the mark on his hat, on which there was blood.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe you cannot speak to the features of the prisoner, but to the personal appearance up to the time then he came under the lamp? A. I saw his face distinctly when they made the attack, and I saw enough of him before he left me to swear to him—I saw his face distinctly before he ran past the lamp, but perhaps not quite so well as when he ran past it, because the light was so straight on him then—up to that time I could have spoken more to his figure than hit face—I have had another person taken up on this charge—his name is Spencer—I swore to biro, but the Magistrate discharged him—I believe he gave his address—I have never ordered him to be sent for since—I preferred no indictment against him—I swore to him as positively as I do to the prisoner.





JAMES KEY
 (policeman, P 354.) On this morning I was on duty a few yards from the Bee-Hive, at the corner of Lorimer-road, and heard cries of "Murder! and Police!" a few yards off—I went to the spot—I had a light which was visible in front of me—I found Mr. Wigg at the corner of Canterbury-place, and West-street—I saw his little boy first in the Lorimer-road—I saw no other person—Mr. Wigg was bleeding—in consequence of what he said to me, I went up Canterbury-place—I met Coppin in Manor-place, near the lamp—as I went to it, I saw a man under it running from me—Coppin had the prisoner in his custody—I saw no other persona between Mr. Wigg and the corner—I assisted in securing the prisoner—we took him to Mr. Wigg's house—I went in first, and Coppin followed with the prisoner, and Mr. Wigg said, "That is one of them; take care of him"—the prisoner said he was mistaken.


Cross-examined. Q. Was Mr. Wigg's face and head covered with blood? A. A part of it—the blood was running into one of his eyes—I do not know whether it was running into both—it was a very dry night—I do not know whether it was cloudy or moonlight—the prisoner was not shown to Mr. Wigg first with his hat off—he had it on, and Mr. Wigg told him to take it off; I beg pardon, he went in with it off, and was told to put it on, before Mr. Wigg identified him.





SAMUEL COPPIN
 (policeman, P 97.) On 12th Jan. I was on duty in Manor-place, and heard sounds at the corner of Canterbury-place—I went towards there, and met the prisoner, not three yards from the corner—he had just passed Mr. Frazer's house—a person coming from where Mr. Wigg was to the Lorimer-road could pass there—be was walking, with his hands to the collar of his coat, lifting it up—I said, "Where are you going?"—he said, "Home"—I said, "Where do yon come from?"—he said, "Up there," pointing towards Pen ton-place—he was twenty yards from the court, at the corner of Canterbury-place—I said, "What is the matter round the corner here?"—he said be did not know—I said, "Never mind, you will go back and see," and took hold of his arm and turned him round—he said, "There is nothing to do with me if there is a man and his wife having a few words"—I said, "Never mind, we will go and see," and went with him down Canterbury-place—we met Key—he said, "Did you stop that man?"—I said, "Yes; what it the matter?"—he said, "A gentleman is nearly murdered"—I said, "No doubt this is one of the parties that has been doing some of it"—we took him to Mr. Wigg's—I got some water, and so on, for Mr. Wigg, and then asked the prisoner where he had been—he said he had been to spend the evening with a friend—I asked him, "What friend?"—he said, "A person named Scott"—I asked where he lived—he said, "In the fields"—I said, "What fields?"—he said he did not know—I took him to the station—the sergeant told him the charge, and said be could say what he pleased—he said he had been to Camberwell for a walk—the sergeant said, "Where?"—he said, "The Red Cap, along with several others"—we asked who they were—he mentioned Potty Mills and Shammy, two omnibus-conductors, whom I know very well.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you forget all about Potty Mills before the Magistrate?" A. No; I stated it there, and it was read over to me, but the clerk said it was proved to be false—he told me he had been to the house of a man named Scott—I did not go there—I did not know where it was—I know a place called Wheeler-fields, where there are several cottages in one corner—I did not go there to make inquiry—the prisoner did not say anything about any cottage—this is my signature to my deposition (this being read, stated, "He said he lived in a cottage in a field")—I swear I never heard him use the word "cottage"—the prisoner was on the opposite side of the way to Frazer's house—he was coming round the corner—Canterbury-place is ten or twelve yards wide—it was about half-past one o'clock in the morning—after I had got the prisoner to Mr. Wigg's, and got water and bathed his temples, I looked at the clock; it then wanted ten minutes to two—Mr. Wigg was bleeding all over his cost collar, and into his bosom—I did not find any blood on the prisoners clothes.





JAMES PRIME
. I live at Walworth, and carry out milk. On this

Sunday morning, about a quarter to eight o'clock, I found this lifepreserver (produced) at Mr. Frazer's house, about a foot inside the iron railings, which come up to the footpath—I gave it to the officer.





WILLIAM NUTRIC FAIRBROTHER
. I am a surgeon. On Sunday morning, 12th Jan., I was sent for to see Mr. Wigg, I found him suffering from several injuries to the bead, and from loss of blood—the injuries might have been inflicted by such an instrument as this produced—the wounds were of a dangerous character—I remained with him some hours.





WILLIAM THOMAS
 (police-sergeant, P 21.) I was in attendance at the Walworth station when the prisoner was brought, between half-past two and a quarter to three o'clock in the morning—he said he had been for a walk to Camberwell, and had been at the Red Cap, with two conductors, Potty Mills and Shammy, and remained there till twelve o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is Camberwell from these cottages in the fields? A. About a mile.





WILLIAM MILLS
. I am an omnibus conductor; they call me Potty Mills, I do not know why. I recollect hearing of this matter on a Sunday morning—I was at the Red Cap the night before, where I generally go of an evening for a quarter of an hour—I did not see the prisoner there—I was not in his company.

Cross-examined. Q. Do I understand yon to mean be was not there? A. I cannot say—he was not in my company.





HENRY SPECKSMAN
. I am an omnibus conductor, and am sometimes called Shammy. I have seen the prisoner before—I was not in his company—I did not see him on the night this happened.

Cross-examined. Q. He was an omnibus conductor? A. Yes; he might be at the Red Cap—he was not in my company.

MR. CLARKSON
called






JANE SCOTT
. I am the wife of John Scott, I live at a cottage in Lorimer-fields. I know the prisoner well—on that Saturday night, or Sunday morning, I was sitting up for my husband, and the prisoner knocked, seeing a light—it was past twelve o'clock; I thought it was my husband, and opened the door—I inquired after his brother Henry, and he remained about three-quarters of an hour, as near as I can recollect—I dare say it was half-past twelve when he came; he was quite alone—it was one, or past, when he left—I do not recollect—I read of this in the paper on the following Tuesday.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. your husband here? A. No; he came home a little after two o'clock—he was rather late—he is a gardener—my house is about the middle of the field; going from West-street to it, you turn to the right by the Bee-Hive—Carter-street is-to the left of the Bee-Hive—I have lived there ten years.




GUILTY
. * Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.


Before Mr. Recorder.

