



196. 




JOHN PEACHEY



, stealing 2521bs. weight of rags, value 3l.; the goods of 




Thomas Miller.






JOSEPH HOLDEN
 (policeman, K 427). I was on duty with Storey, at Old Ford, on 16th Aug., at 6 o'clock in the morning—I saw four men; three of them had each a sack carrying—the prisoner was the first of them—he was carrying a sack—when they saw me they threw down the sacks, ran away, and escaped—Story took the sacks, and I pursued the men—I saw them afterwards; they contained rags—afterwards John Lee, who was one of the men, was taken, and he has been tried in the next Court—in consequence of information, I went to Ware on 16th Dec., and the prisoner was given into my charge—I am positive he was one of the men who was carrying the sacks—I knew him well, and he knew me—I said I had been looking for him for a long time—he said, "Arn't you glad you have got me?"—I said I was not exactly glad, I should rather see him in honest employ—he had the handcuffs on at the time, and he sprang across the table, and struck me with the handcuffs on my forehead; then he cut my cheek open; and he said if he had a pistol, he would blow my b----y brains out.





RICHARD EVANS
. I live at Camberwell, and am a labourer. In Aug. last I was in the employ of Mr. Thomas Miller, of Long-lane, Bermondsey. He is a rag-dealer—at that time he had some rags, and he hired some marshes at Stratford to dry the rags—I had the charge of them—they were wetted and damaged by the fire at Alderman Humphery's—on 16th Aug. I missed about 2 1/4 cwt. of those rags—I afterwards saw three sacks of rags in possession of Storey—they belonged to my master, Thomas Miller—I was examined on Lee's trial, and he was convicted.





WILLIAM STOREY
 (policeman, K 149). I was with Holden on the morning of 16th Aug.—I took the sacks when the men ran away—I knew them all—I am sure the prisoner was one—I took the sacks to the station—there were about 2 1/4 cwt. of rags—I showed then to Evans—I showed him the rags and the sack that was thrown down by the prisoner—the prisoner and Lee, and the other men, were altogether, when I saw them—these are some of the rags.





RICHARDS EVANS

re-examined. These are the same sort of rags that I lost from the marches—they have been injured both by fire and water, and they smell of cheese—there was some cheese at the wharf at the time.

Prisoner's Defence. I was at harvest-work at the time; I was not there.

GUILTY.

(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOHN O'BRIEN
 (policeman, K 403). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted on the 5th April, 1847, having been before convicted—confined three months)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

