




344. 




HENRY SMITH
 and 




JOHN REED



, robbery on 



Richard Bloe, and stealing 1 scarf, value 1s. 6d., 2 half-sovereigns, and 2 half-crowns: Reed having been before convicted. 
MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD BLOE
. I am a bookbinder, of Hatfield-street, St. Luke's. On 29th Dec. I was in the Maidenhead public-house, in Goswell-street, about a quarter-past eight o'clock—I had something to drink with one of my mates—I remained there nearly two hours—I saw both the prisoners there; they were not acquaintances of mine—I knew them by sight, particularly Smith—I left the house as near half-past ten as possible—the prisoners left at the same time—I was a little the worse for liquor, but I knew what I was about—the prisoners laid hold of my arm, to see me home, as they said—when we got to Hatfield-street, which leads into Golden-lane, I was knocked down by Smith; Reed laid hold of my mouth, so that I could not halloo—Smith pulled a knife out of his pocket, and with it cut my watch-pocket, where I had two half-sovereigns, which were safe before I came out of the house—I lost them—I had two half-crowns in my breeches'-pocket, and they were gone too—they were safe about a minute before I came out of the house—Smith took the scarf off my neck—they then ran away different ways.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. This was between ten and eleven o'clock at night? A. About half-past ten—Hatfield-street is not well lighted—there are about two lamps in the street—I was about thirty yards down the street—I could not call for the police; the hand was on my mouth—after they ran away, I hallooed out "Murder!"—I was carried home by two neighbours, and put to bed—I told them where I lived—I have not seen them since—I was not many yards from the house I live in—it was about thirty yards from the public-house which is at the corner of Hatfield-street—I had not been in company with any one but my shop-mate—there was one woman in the tap-room; I did not treat her—I went to the police-office on Sunday night, I was too ill to go there in the morning—I did not get up till night—I had paid at the public-house for three pots of half-and-half, and one quartern of gin—I had had one quartern of gin before that—I had paid with small change; I never changed a half-crown—I had no occasion to take out the half-sovereigns—I had put them in my fob when I was at the bar treating my shopmate—I had had no brandy that day—I had one drop of brandy-and-water with the foreman—we had 6d. worth between three of us, in Butcherhall-lane, at seven, that morning.


Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST, JUN. Q. Does your shopmate wear a bonnet? A. I do not think he does—there was one woman in the public-house—she drank, but I did not treat her—there are other houses between the public-house and where I fell down, but I did not go into them—my shopmate left me as soon as he had something at the bar.





JOHN HARVEY
 (police-sergeant, H 14). I took Smith—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it—on the way to the station, he said the prosecutor was flashing his money; that the other one had it, and bolted, and he had none of it—the public-house is thirty or forty yards from where the prosecutor was knocked down—it is a very dark street.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you search Smith? A. Yes, I found a knife, and 1s. 3d. on him—I should think this happened within three or four yards of the prosecutor's door.





JOHN REEVE
 (policeman, A 424). I took Reed at the Maidenhead—I told him he was charged together with Smith with assaulting and robbing Mr. Bloe—that was on the Sunday-week following—we had been searching for him all the week and could not find him.

MR. O'BRIEN
called






WILLIAM HILL
. I am a carver and gilder, and have lived in Sidney-street, City-road, for two years—I formerly lived in Fore-street—I have known Smith from infancy—he has been rather wild of late, but I believe had a very good character for honesty.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Has he ever been summarily convicted? A. I do not know—I do not know that he has been tried; I have never heard of it—I have been intimate with him—I do not know that he lives with a prostitute, who makes men drunk—he worked for me about a week, about six months ago—I do not know how he has been getting his living since—I do not know that he was tried about some cigars.

COURT. Q. Has there been time for him to have been convicted without your knowing it? A. Yes, plenty of time.

MR. PAYNE
called






JAMES BRANNAN
. I am an inspector of police—I have known Smith eight years, he has been a thief from that time—I had him summarily convicted for stealing some tobacco—he cohabits with a prostitute who makes drunken men her prey, assisted by him and his fellow-prisoner—I have had my eye upon them—I had him tried here in Oct. last, for robbing a ready-furnished lodging, he was acquitted, and he has been summarily convicted for an assault on a lady.

Reed. I can prove that I was in the house when this other man was taken. Witness. I positively swear he was not.





GEORGE MATTOCK
 (policeman, G 162). I produce a certificate of Reed's conviction—(read—Convicted October, 1848, and confined four months)—he is the person.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

REED—


GUILTY
.** Aged 26





Transported for Fifteen Years.

