




743. 




GEORGE THOMPSON, alias
 Cole

, and 




JOHN FITZGERALD, alias
 Mullens




, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin; having been before convicted: to which


FITZGERALD



PLEADED GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MESSRS. DAWSON
and
POLAND
conducted the Prosecutions






SAMUEL JARMAN
. I am clerk to the solicitor of the Treasury. I produce a record of the conviction of two prisoners at this Court (read—Henry James and George Thompson, convicted 23rd Nov., 1852, for uttering counterfeit coin, and confined six months).





JOHN GILBECK
. I was a police constable on 22nd Nov., 1862. I was present when George Thompson was tried in this Court—he is the person.





SUSANNAH KEMP
. I am the daughter of John Kemp, who keeps a tobacconist's shop in Powis-street, Woolwich. On 2nd June the prisoner Thompson came to our shop—he bought something which came to 1 1/2 d.—he gave me a half crown; I put it in the till—there was one other half crown in the till, and some small silver—I gave him the change, and he left the shop—I stopped in the shop about a quarter of an hour after he went; my brother then came into the shop, and I went away—no one had been in—I left the till in the same state as it was when I put the half crown in.

Thompson. I only gave you a shilling.





GEORGE KEMP
. I am brother of the last witness. She left the shop in my charge about 6 o'clock—I went to the till while I was there; there were two half crowns and some small silver—my mother came in the shop while I was there—she took one half crown out of the till, and told me to go to the public house and get a pot of beer with it—I went, and saw the barmaid; I gave her the same half crown—she returned it, and said it was bad—I looked at it myself, and thought it looked very bad—I brought it home again, and gave it to my mother—my brother William was there—my mother took the half crown down and showed it to my father, and she told my brother William to take the other half crown and go to the grocer's shop—I taw him return with that other half crown, and he gave it to my mother—I saw my mother show the first half crown to my father, and he gave it her back; it was not out of my sight—both the half crowns were put back into the till when my brother William came back—when the constable came, I marked the half crowns and gave them to him myself—these are them.

Thompson. Q. When you took it to the public house, what did you do with it? A. I gave it to the barmaid; she tried it on the counter, and gave it me back—it was not out of my sight.





WILLIAM KEMP
. My mother gave me a half crown on 2nd June, and told me to take it to the grocer's—I took it, and the grocer sounded it and said it was bad—he tried it, but I did not lose sight of it—he gave it me back—I am quite sure it was the one which I passed to him—I did not lose sight of it all the time—I brought it home and gave it to my mother.





ELIZABETH KEMP
. I am the mother of the last witness. On 2nd June

I looked in the till; there were two half crowns in it—I sent my son George with one half crown to the public house to get the beer—he brought the half crown back, and said it was a bad one—I showed it to ray husband; he said it was a decided bad one—I gave the other half crown to my son William, and told him to take it to the grocer's—he returned, and said it was bad—I put both the half crowns in the till—my son George afterwards gave them to the constable.

COURT. Q. When you showed the half crown to your husband, was it out of your sight? A. No.





JAMES WESTBROOK
 (policeman, R 114). I produce these two half crowns, which I got from George Kemp.





SARAH STARTEN
. My husband is a baker; he lives in High-street, Woolwich. On 2nd June I was in the shop the whole evening—the prisoner Fitzgerald came about half past 7 o'clock—he asked for ld.-worth of cakes; I served him, and he gave me half a crown—I thought it was bad, and I tried it in the detector—I told him it was a very bad one—he gave me another, and said, "Is that a good one?"—I said, "Yes"—I gave him his change, and he went away.





WILLIAM GLADWIN
 (policeman, R 122). J was on duty on 2nd June about 6 o'clock in the evening—I saw the prisoners walking and talking together in Powis-street—they crossed the road and looked into a chemist's shop—I saw them go from the shop about ten yards; I then lost sight of them—they were then about forty yards from Mr. Kemp's—I saw them again between 7 and 8 o'clock at the Market Head; they were both talking together—they both walked up towards Mrs. Starten's, the bakers—I followed them, and saw Mullins (Fitzgerald) go in the shop, and Cole (Thompson) returned back to the place where they started from—when Mullins came out of the shop I went in and made some inquiry—I came out and followed the prisoners, who were both walking together to the pier, and there I saw Mullins throw something in the water—when they got on board a steamboat which was coming to London, I took them into custody—I searched them—I found on Mullins 8s. 6d. in silver and 5d. in copper, all good, and six bad half crowns in this bag, and on Cole I found 4s. 8d. in good money; I found no bad money on him—Mullins said, "It is no use to search any more, you have got all"—I took them to the station—I should have mentioned that three of the half crowns I found were wrapped up separately in paper, and the other three were loose—I asked the prisoners their names; Thompson gave the name of George Cole, and Fitzgerald the name of John Mullins





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. 1 am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint. The half crown uttered by Cole, and the six found on Mullins, are all bad, and from the same mould—the other is also bad.

THOMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Eighteen Months.

