





832. 




JONATHAN COE,



 WILLIAM HOWE
, and 




WALTER PHILLIPS



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Stowell, and stealing 1 brooch and other articles, value 25s.; his goods; 1 coat, value 30s.; the goods of 



Richard Stowell, the younger; and 1 waistcoat and 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; the goods of 



Job Elliott.



MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.





CAROLINE STOWELL
. I am the wife of Richard Stowell, of 6, Newcastle-place, Mile-end, in the parish of St. Dunstan's, Stepney. On the evening of 20th April the prisoner Howe came to my house—he told me that my son Richard had met with a serious accident, that two men had taken him up, and he was to go to the London Hospital, but he refused to go till he saw me—he then gave me a letter—I asked him to walk in—I took him into the back parlour, and read the letter by the fire-light—I said as soon as I had changed my dress I would go—he begged me not to wait, but to go directly—I asked him if he was going back—he said, "Yes"—I told him to be kind enough to tell my son I would come directly—I went and asked Mrs. Love to come over, and left her in my house—I went by the bus to Stratford, where my son was—I found him quite well, and at work—I returned by the train, and found my front-room had been stripped—four sheets, two dresses, two petticoats, a frock-coat of my son's, a coat of Mr. Elliott's, a waistcoat, and pair of trowsers, were all at the station when I returned, and a black bag which was not mine—I never saw it before—they had put the things into that bag, and left it behind—these are the articles—the letter was not my son's writing—I stood at the door looking at Howe, and have no doubt he is the man—there was a gaslight there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You never saw the person that

brought the letter before? A. No; I was a little flurried when I heard about my son—I hurried myself as much as I could to get ready.





ELIZABETH LOVE
. I live in Newcastle-place, opposite Mrs. Stowell. On the evening of 21st March I took charge of her house, at her request—when she left I locked the house up, and went to my own house—I was absent ten minutes or a quarter of an hour when my lodger told me something—I looked, and saw a light in the front room, and saw the shadow of a man walking about—my husband went to the door, and knocked—he then opened the door with the key, and called out, "Who is there?" two or three times—no answer was returned, and I said to him, "Go for the policeman"—I remained at the door—I heard footsteps coming down the stairs—I called out, "Who is that?"—directly afterwards I heard footsteps in the passage, and Coe passed my right arm, and Phillips my left—I turned directly, and pursued them—they ran off—I am sure they are the persons—the gas was full on their faces—I have no doubt of them whatever—when Coe was brought back, I went up-stairs with the policeman—I found the chest of drawers in the front chambers open—the things were all out, and taken to the back room, and great part of them had been put into a bag—the front room was all in confusion.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you lose sight of them? A. Yes; the policeman brought me to see Phillips, between nine and ten o'clock on Saturday morning—I saw him come out of the cellar alone, and I said, "That is the man"—the policeman did not tell me he had the man who was with Coe—he said he had got a man, but he did not know whether he was the man.





FRANCIS DEFRATES
 (policeman, K 61). On 21st March, a little before eight o'clock on the evening, I was on duty in Mile-end-road—I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I looked across the road, and saw Coe running from Harlow-place—I ran after him—he was stopped by a young man—I took him to Stowell's house, and left him in charge down-stairs—I went up-stairs, and found everything in confusion, and the glass lying on the bed—in the back room I found this black bag, and these things in it, and a candle by the side of it, which had been put out—I asked Mrs. Love if she knew Coe—she said, "Yes, certainly; that is the man that ran past me."





GEORGE AYTON
. I am a carpenter, of 7, Harlow-place. On Thursday, 21st March, I was passing—my attention was called by a person singing out, "Stop thief!" and in less than a moment two men rushed by me—there was not a soul in the road but them—I kept sight of Coe, who was one of them, till he ran into a policeman's arms—I swear he is the man—he must have been about five yards from 6, Newcastle-place, when I first saw him—he was running with all his might—I gave chase—I saw them both rush by me—Phillips is about the stature of the other man—he had a cap on.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). I was present when Coe was examined on the 22nd; and knowing his companions, I apprehended Howe, at a lodging-house in George-street, Spitalfields—I told him he was charged with others in breaking and entering a dwelling-house in Mile-end-road—he said nothing, but on the way to the station he asked how many more were in it—I said, "I don't know, you know best"—I know all the prisoners, and know them to be associates—they are together commonly, I believe they live in the same lodging-house, I have seen them there repeatedly—they wear caps.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time did you take Howe on the Friday. A. About four o'clock.


Coe.There is a policeman here that knows that I do not live at that lodging-house. Witness. You are there always, day and night.





EDWARD WIGLEY
 (policeman, H 141). I apprehended Phillips about ten o'clock on Friday night, 22nd, in George-street, Spitalfields, at the same house where Howe was taken—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it—in going to the station I told him not to walk so fast—he said he had got into it, and he wanted to get out of it as soon as he could—I have frequently seen the prisoners together, both day and night, since February last, and as late as eleven or twelve o'clock at night—I believe they lodge at that house.

COE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

HOWE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

PHILLIPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.






Transported for Ten Years
.
