




469. 




CHARLES THOMPSON
, and 




SARAH THOMAS
, were again indicted for

 stealing 1 brooch, value 130l.;5 rings, 1 gown, 1 cruet-stand, 1 clock, and other articles, value 129l. 7s.; the goods of 



Charles John Cox, in his dwelling-house.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH LAMZED
. I am servant to Mr. Cox, of South-bank, St. John'swood. On Sunday, 23rd Dec, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I was out, and met the male prisoner—he asked me the way to a public-house, and I told him—after some conversation he persuaded me to go, and I went with him and had a glass of wine—he asked me to come ont in the evening—I said I could not—he said would I come out on the Monday evening—I said, "No," and he then said could not I come out with him on Christmas day—I said I could not, my fellow-servant was going out, and I should have to be at home; he then bid me good-bye—while I was talking to him, I took out my handkerchief, which has my name on it, and he said, "Your name is Elizabeth?"—I said, "Yes"—I asked him his name, and he said, "Charles Robinson"—he said he was a sailor; he was dressed in a sailor's coat—next morning, about eleven, the female prisoner came to the gate, and asked for Elizabeth—I said there are a great many Elizabeths, did she not know the second name—she said, "No"—I said my name was Elizabeth, and she said, "Did you not see a young man named Robinson on Sunday?"—I said, "Yes," and she gave me a note, which she said was from him, that he was at work on board a ship, and wished her to call and leave it—she said she lived in Albert-street, Minories—I read the note, and told her I knew nothing of him, he was a stranger to me; I met him accidentally on the Sunday, and asked her if she knew anything of him—she said yes he had lodged with her a long time, and he and his friends were very respectable, and she was his landlady—I said if he called on Christmas evening, about five, I should be alone, and would see him—he came next day at that time—and my sister was there, but went away a very few minutes afterwards, leaving him and me alone—he wore the same sort of coat as he did when I first saw him—I asked him in, and asked him downstairs—he said he came out with the intention of going to Church, and went to a public-house, and that delayed him till it was too late, and he showed me a prayer-book, which he took out of his pocket, with the name of Charles Robinson in it—he said he had dined on board—between six and seven he said that he would have something to drink—I said I had some ale and some sherry—he said he did not like sherry, he would rather have port, and said he would go and fetch it—I let him out—he returned with a bottle of wine, and went to the kitchen again—after he had been there a little while, I said I must go and attend to the stove in the greenhouse, would he not come with me—he said "Yes," and came upstairs

—I said I would first fasten the dining and drawing-room shutters—he went into both rooms with me, and took particular notice of them—we then went to attend to the stove, and he said while I was attending to the stove he would go out at the front door, and look at the front garden—when I came back, he returned from the front door, I asked him whether he had shut the door, and he said yes, it was all right; that was between six and seven—the house is semi-detached, in a garden enclosed by a wall—the door opens with a small latch-key—I went downstairs again with him—in a short time he said there was a noise—I said it proceeded from the next house, that we could hear very plain—about half-past nine I told him it was time for him to go, as it was late—he said he would go if I wished it—I went upstairs with a view of letting him out, and as I passed the room-door where the cruet-stand was on the sideboard, I saw the cruets were taken out of the stand, and put on the top of the side-board—I had seen them as they ought to be, about one o'clock—the cellaret-door, which was locked after my master went out, was open—I went into the room, and the prisoner followed me—the drawers were open, and also my master's and mistress' writing-desks, and the papers taken out of them, and laying on the table; they were all right when I fastened the shutters—I asked him if he had done it, and he asked why I asked him if he had done it, and took up the poker, and said he would go upstairs, and look through the house, and see me righted—he said he would strike the first person he came to—he took my hand, and said, "Come along," and we went upstairs—all the wardrobe drawers were open, and the things scattered about; they were not so before he came—he said he would go for a policeman—I begged he would not leave me, but he said he would fetch one, and come back—he went out, and never came back—this plaid dress (produced) is my mistress', there is my needle-work on it; this piece (produced) was let into it—when the family went out on Christmas-day the gown was safe in a drawer, and it was afterwards gone—this brush, collar, and combs are my mistress'—I placed two of these combs on my master's table that day—the waistcoat and jacket produced are like what the male prisoner wore.

Thompson. Q. What did I say when I would not have the sherry? A. You said you did not come there to take what my master gave me—you said my clock was slow, and put it on twenty minutes—it was not nine o'clock when I went to look at the fire—I went up twice, and it was out the second time—you offered to fetch me some wood, and while I went to get the wood you went to the front door.





CHARLES JOHN COX
. I live at South-bank, in the parish of St. Marylebone. On Christmas-day, I was called home about half-past eleven o'clock—I found the cheffioneer-cupboard broken open, and my secretary also, and the papers and money gone—they were safe before I left—I locked it myself—Mrs. Cox's desk was also broken open, and the papers taken out—the clock from the dining-room chimney-piece was also gone, and many other things—the bed-room drawers were all open, and the things scattered about the room—a jewel-case was broken open, and a large quantity of jewelery taken from it, which was safe before I went out—this brush and comb were safe on the table when I went out—I can swear to the comb, having cut it myself with a pen-knife—I will not swear to the dress, but there was one of the same pattern in the drawers—there was a hole burnt in the dress, and I know the servant put a piece over it—I calculate I lost about 300l. on that occasion.





EDITH DOBSON
. I am a widow, and live at Margaret-street, Clerkenwell.

One Friday, I think the 12th Jan., the prisoners took my apartment, and lodged there together till the Sunday week, on which day the man came home alone—on the following Tuesday, Morris came, and searched a trunk in the room the prisoners occupied, and which the prisoners brought with them—he found the piece of plaid produced, in that trunk, also this collar and habit-shirts—these brushes were on the drawers in the room on Monday, but were taken away before Morris came.





EDWIN AUGUSTUS POWER
. I keep the Turk's Head. On 22nd Jan. the male prisoner came to the house, and left a carpet bag, which I afterwards gave to the policeman—he engaged a bed for a few nights—he said he had been travelling all night, was very tired, and wished to wash himself—he went into the room, and left the comb and hair-brush produced, on the dressing-table—he took the sailor's jacket and waistcoat produced out of the carpet-bag, and left them on the chair by the side of the bed—he never slept in the room.





FRANCIS MORRIS
 (policeman, E 10). I took the female prisoner on 20th Jan., on another charge—she was wearing this plaid dress—it was taken from her back on the Wednesday—on the Tuesday night I went to Mrs. Dobson's, and was shown into a room on the second-floor, where I found a trunk, and in it this piece of plaid, which corresponds with the dress, and matches a place in it—I also found this comb and collar, and a portion of some habit-shirts—I received a carpet-bag from Power, in which I found this shirt and these scissors (produced).

MR. COX
re-examined. This is my shirt, and I believe these scissors also—they are like what I lost.

THOMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

THOMAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.





Transported for Ten Years more.

