



1023. 




MARY ANN GILLINGHAM



, feloniously receiving 1 medal, value 1d.; 50 sovereigns, 4 sixpences, and 1 10l.-note; the property of 



Samuel Buckmaster, which had been stolen by 


Jane Butler.


MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






HARRIET BUCKMASTER
. I am the wife of Samuel Buckmaster, we live at 4, Norris-rents, Snow's-fields, Bermondsey. Butler was employed by me as a needle and charwoman for the last five months—she had free access to all parts of my house, but did not sleep there—on 16th March, she was at my house as usual, and was employed in cleaning the bedroom—I sent her to my bedroom, at half-past three—she came down in half an hour and went up again—I afterwards sent the child up-stairs, and the said she was gone—I went up, and she was gone—I did not see her again till the 18th of April—my money was in a box under my bed—the box was locked; the key was on my drawers—I opened the lock and everything was turned over in the box—the money was gone; it was in a purse, and the purse rolled up in a little handkerchief—the purse contained 50 sovereigns, a 10l.-note, and the silver—I can positively swear to this silver foreign coin, and this sixpence, which has two small holes in it—there is a medal beside—this foreign coin was found on the prisoner, and the sixpence on Butler—I remember on the 10l.-note there was the name of "Gibson, Change-alley"—when Butler went from my house, she left her bonnet and shawl behind her—when I saw her again on the 18th of April she was in bed in Gillingham's house, in Bluegate-fields, and said she was in a dying state—I asked her if she had had a doctor—she said, "No, I

don't know what is the matter with me; ever since I have been in this house I have been in a dying state"—when she left my house she was perfectly well, and I never knew her to have an hour's illness before—I had seen my property all safe, including this coin, on the Sunday before, and no one had been in my bedroom but Butler.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Do you know of your own knowledge that this house belonged to the prisoner? A. No; I do not know at all the number of the 10l.-note.





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (policeman, K 212.) On 18th April I went to a house in Blue-gate Fields—I saw Butler in bed—I asked her name—she said Williams—I asked her where she came from—she said from Westminster—the prisoner was present, and I then asked her how long Butler had been there—she said, "About a month"—I asked her if she knew her—she said, "No;" she came there for a lodging—I asked the prisoner if she had seen any money about her—she said she had laid out a few pounds for her while she was in bed—she said she had had wine, and gin, and oysters, and lamb chops—I then asked the prisoner whether she had changed any note—she said, "No," she had not; she had not seen one—I then left Butler in custody of another officer, as I was not certain she was the woman—I went to Mrs. Buckmaster's, in Snow's-fields, and she came and identified Butler—the prisoner was not in then, and I went to look for her—I saw her coming by King David-lane station, and I called her in—I said, "What about the note? what have you done with the note?"—she said, "I know nothing about it; I had no note"—I said, "The old lady says that you had" (I meant Butler)—the prisoner then said, "I will go up and see her"—she went to her own house, in Blue-gate Fields, to see Butler—I went with her—I then, in her presence, said to Butler, "What about the note?"—Butler said, "I gave it to the landlady?"—Gillingham then said she left it at the Royal Sovereign for safety, if the old woman should die, to put her underground—she did not say that in Butler's presence; we were going out of the door at the time—I searched the bed where Butler was lying, and there I found three sovereigns, four sixpences, and two small pieces of silver, and this purse, which was identified by the prosecutrix—that was all I found in the bed—I did not see the prisoner afterwards on that day—on the 23rd I apprehended her, and told her I wanted her for receiving the note, knowing it to be stolen—she said she did not know it, and she pulled out a pocket-book and gave it me, and in it were these pieces of coin—I asked her how she got them—she stated that they belonged to her son, and she had had them some time—the prosecutrix identified them—I am quite clear that the coins that she said belonged to her son were what are identified by the prosecutrix—she distinctly identified one, and she says she had such a piece as the other—I then said to the prisoner, "They have missed some foreign coin"—she then said, "It was swept up in the house"—I found on her one sovereign, seven shillings, and one penny.

Cross-examined. Q. You went to the house on the 18th, but did not apprehend the prisoner then, but on the 23rd? A. Yes; when the prisoner said she had received the note from Butler, and left it at Smith's, the Royal Sovereign, for safety; we were just coming out of the door, but Butler might have heard it—Butler did not say anything at that time—she had said, immediately before, "I gave the 10l.-note to the woman to mind"—I do not know whether the prisoner heard that—I did not learn from Butler, in the prisoner's presence, that she had given her the note to mind.

COURT. Q. Did Butler say anything more about this in the presence of

the prisoner? A. She did not; she did not make any defence to the charge; she was too far gone in drink, and illness beside—one of the girls of the house was giving her wine when I went in—the prisoner said she had been there a month.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I keep the Royal Sovereign, in Bluegate-fields—I know the prisoner. On 16th April, she gave me a 10l. Bank of England note—she said she had a female acquaintance of hers lodging in her house, and she was very ill, and she had got a 10l.-note.

COURT. Q. Did she say "she" or "I?"A. She said she had a female lodger that was very ill, who had given her a 10l.-note to take care of, and she had not got a place she could lock it up for any safety at her own house, and she asked me if I would take care of it for her, in case she should want necessaries, or if she should die that she should be put decently in the ground, as she was very ill—I looked at the note, and saw the name of Gibson on it—in the course of that day the prisoner came and said the female wanted some refreshment, and she had no money, would I lend her 10s. on the note, and I did so, and the next day was my brewer's day, and I paid that note away with a 10l. bill—I was told I ought to get the note back if I could, and I went to the Bank and waited some time, and I went to the brewers, and they sent me to Barnett and Hoare's—I went there, but they could not give me the number or date of the note—the prisoner did not come to me afterwards about the note.

Cross-examined. Q. When did the policeman come to you? A. On the 18th; I paid the note away on the 17th.

COURT. Q. What time on the 16th did the prisoner give you the note? A. About the middle of the day.

JURY. Q. Have you known the prisoner? A. I have known her some years, ever since I have been there.

COURT
to
W. C. POTTER. Q. Was the money in the purse in the bed? A. It was in the purse—Butler seemed very ill, as if she had been drinking a great deal—the reason I went there was, a sailor had lost his jacket, and I went in and saw Butler there—the prisoner said there had been a medical man called in to see Butler—I did not hear that from Butler—she was afterwards attended by a medical man, a week before she could have her examination.





HARRIET BUCKMASTER
, re-examined. I had such a medal as this, and this other piece I can swear to—when I went there, Butler told me that they must have given her stuff to stupify her, she had been ill from the time she went in the house—she never had a day's illness when with me.




GUILTY
.* Aged 49.—


Transported for Ten Years.

