



221. 




WILLIAM ENEVER



, stealing 5 spoons, value 1l.; 15 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 1 10l., and 1 5l. Bank-note; the property of 



Joseph Scollar.—2nd COUNT, feloniously receiving the same.


MR. WOOLLETT
conducted the Prosecution.






HANNAH SCOLLAR
. I am the wife of Joseph Scollar, and live at 15, Frederick-street, Hampstead-road. On 7th Oct. we removed from Charles-street, Goswell-road—previous to doing so I borrowed a carpet bag of the prisoner's wife—the prisoner was present when I borrowed it—I put into it a 10l.-note, a 5l.-note, fifteen sovereigns, a half-sovereign, some halfpence, five silver spoons, a brush and comb, and several other articles—the prisoner was present, and saw me put the things in—about six o'clock in the evening, after waiting some time, I proceeded to Frederick-street, in company with my husband—the prisoner and his wife had gone on with the van—I had the carpet bag, and I followed—when we got to Frederick-street the prisoner's wife took the carpet bag from my arm, and

gave it to my sister-in-law, who carried it up-stairs, and placed it in the room—the prisoner came up in a few minutes—his wife had left, and I asked him where she was—he said, "At the next house"—I had not then missed the carpet hag, I missed it in about twenty minutes afterwards—we went to the prisoner's house; I saw him there—I asked whether his wife had taken the carpet bag—he said he did not know—we waited till bis wife came home, and then I charged her with taking it—he did not say anything—I can swear this 10l.-note (looking at it) is the note I put into the bag—1 received it from my husband—I can swear to it by the name "Hooper," or "Harper," on the back of it—the prisoner and his wife live at 38 1/2, Charles-street—I was present when the prisoner's wife was tried here and convicted.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did you put the notes? A. In a small pocket-book; I looked at the note before I put it in—I received it from my husband at the time I placed it in the pocket-book—he got it from Mr. Johnson, a broker—he did not give it me directly; I cannot say how long it was afterwards—after I had put the notes in the pocket-book, I put the things in the bag—I kept the bag and carried it to Frederick-street; my husband's brother accompanied me—when I got to Frederick-street the prisoner's wife met me; she said she had a pain in her stomach; my husband treated her with a glass of brandy—I had the carpet-bag then—the prisoner's wife went with me and my husband to the house—when we got there the prisoner's wife took the bag from my arm and gave it to my sister-in-law—I did not give the bag to my sister-in-law myself—I afterwards left the room, and when I returned I found my sister-in-law within two stairs of the bottom; I then went into the room, but I did not miss the bag for twenty minutes or half an hour—it was about ten o'clock when I went to the prisoner's house; I found him at home—he was taken and discharged—the prisoner's wife and I had not been drinking: we went to a public-house in Frederick-street, but I did not have anything there—I had had some ale at the Coach and Horses—I saw the name of Hooper or Harper on the note, when my husband gave it me.





JOSEPH SCOLLAR
. I am the husband of Hannah Scollar. On 7th Oct. I gave her a 10l.-note—I can swear this is it; it had "Hooper" on it—I received it from Mr. Johnson, who valued the stock.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you do with the note? A. Put it in a pocket-book in a pocket inside my waistcoat—I had a 5l.-note there—I took it out again in my bed-room, and gave it to my wife.





HENRY GEORGE
. I am a traveller in the linen-drapery business, and live at Brixton. On 19th Nov. I saw the prisoner at my house at Brixton—he offered me a 10l.-note, and asked me to get it changed for him, or to give him change—I knew him very well—I went to the butcher's and got change in five sovereigns and a 5l.-note—I did not observe any marks on it—it was seven or half-past seven o'clock—I gave the note which the prisoner gave me to Mr. Smith.





THOMAS SMITH
. I am a butcher, of Brixton. I received this 10l.-note from Mr. George on Monday, 18th Nov.—I put Mr. George's name on it—I gave it to Mr. Stanger.





GEORGE OCTAVIUS STANGER
. I am a salesman, of Leadenhall-market. I received this 10l.-note from Mr. Smith—I marked it myself—this is my mark, "Smith, Brixton, 19,11,50"—I paid it to Barclay's the next day.






COLLINS WHITBY
. I am a clerk at Messrs. Barclay's. This note was paid in by Mr. Stanger on 19th Nor.—in ordinary business it would be paid into the Bank of England on the following morning.





RICHARD ADET BAILEY
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce this 10l.-note, No. 19966, it is dated 5th Aug., 1850; it was paid in by Barclay's on 20th Nov.—there are no more than one note issued of the same date and No.





CHARLES BOW
 (policeman, S 383). I apprehended the prisoner and his wife on 10th Oct.—I charged them with stealing the contents of a carpet-bag, a 10l.-note, a 5l.-note, and other moneys and articles—the prisoner did not say anything—I took him before the Magistrate, and he was discharged; there was not sufficient evidence against him—it was before the 10l.-note was produced—I apprehended him again on 23rd Nov., at his own house, in Charles-street—I asked if he had been to Brixton, and got a 10l.-note changed—he said, "No"—I said, "Were you not at Brixton on Monday last, and got a 10l.-note cashed?"—he said, "No, I was not"—I said, "Did not a Mr. George get a 10l.-note changed for you?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Do you mean to say you were not at Brixton on Monday last, and got a 10l.-note changed?"—he said, "No, I was not at Brixton on Monday, and have not been there for some time"—Mr. George was on the stairs, but some things were hanging there, that he could not see him—I then turned to Mr. George, and said, "Do you know this gentleman?"—he said, "Yes, I know him well"—I said, "Did he not get a 10l.-note changed for you on Monday last?"—he said, "No"—I turned to Mr. George, and said, "Is this the man that gave you a 10l.-note to get cashed?"—he said he was—I then told the prisoner I was an officer, and he was in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. When you pointed to Mr. George, you said to the prisoner, "Do you know this gentleman?" A. Yes; he said, "I know him well"—I turned to Mr. George, and I said, "Mr. George, it this the man that gave you the 10l.-note?"—he said it was.




GUILTY

of receiving.† Aged 58.—


Transported for Seven Years.

