



910. 




WILLIAM COYLE



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 10l. 10s., with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
SLEIGH
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS HATCHMAN
. I am living at No. 3, Avery-row, Bond-street. On Tuesday evening, 20th June, about 7 o'clock, I was in Hanover-square; the prisoner came up to me and asked me whether I could take a note for him to Mr. James, of No. 10, Wardour-street—I said, "Yes;" he gave me the note, either in the square, or in George-street, which is close to it—this is the note (produced)—after giving me the note, he walked down with me to No. 16, in George street, and told me I was to bring an answer back to No. 16, George-street—he said he would give me 1s. for my trouble—I left him at No. 16, George-street, and went with the note—I went to Mr. James; it is an oilman's shop in Wardour-street—I handed the note to a shopman; he took it to Mr. James; I did not see him open it, but he came to me with the note in his hand open—he had some conversation with me, and I then went back to George-street—I did not find the prisoner there—on the following Saturday, I accompanied a policeman to Leicester-street, near Leicester-square; that was about 3 o'clock—while I was there with the policeman, I saw the prisoner; he was walking in the street—I did not see where he went to—I afterwards went into a coffee shop, in Leicester-street—there were two men in the room; the prisoner was one of them—I then came out of the coffee shop, and went back to the policeman—I did not return with him into the coffee shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY
Q. You had never seen this man, whoever he was, before you met him in Hanover-square, had you? A. No; it was only a few days afterwards that I saw the prisoner at the coffee shop; I saw him first walking up and down Leicester-street—the policeman was not with me at that time—the policeman sent us to see whether we could see him—there was I and another boy named Marlow—the policeman sent us to see if we could see the man that had given us the notes—I knew what I was going for—I had no chat with the other boy about it, because we went at different times—we did not go together; he sent me first, and the other boy afterwards—I had no conversation with the other boy—the policeman sent for both of us, and told us to go and see whether we could see the man—he told us to go to Leicester-street, to see if he was

walking up and down—when I got to Leicester-street, I saw two men walking up and down—Marlow was not with me then—he was not with me at all when I saw them walking up and down—I do not know whether he saw them walking up and down; I believe he did.

Q. When you first saw Mr. Coyle walking up and down, you had some doubt about him, had you not? A. It was a side glance—I had no doubt about him—I said at first that I had a little doubt about him, because it was a side glance—I told the policeman at first that I had a doubt about him—I did not say anything about a little doubt; I said I had a doubt.

Q. Has that doubt become "fine by degrees, and beautifully less;" has it become diminished? A. Yes; I understand what you mean by that quotation—that doubt has not diminished since I have come here; it diminished the same day—I did not look at him above half a minute, when he was walking up and down the street—I did not stare at him; I only walked past him once—I then returned to the policeman—I walked by his side, on the same side of the way—he did not meet me face to face; we were both going the same way, and I walked by the side of him—I then went and told the policeman that I had some doubt—the policeman told me that I must be sure about it—he did not say, "or else you will be of no use"—I then went to the coffee room to see him; the policeman told me to go and see if he was there—he was there—then all my doubt vanished—I looked at his face more—when the policeman told me to go and see if the man was in the street, he did not tell me that I should see a man walking up and down—I did not expect to see a man walking up and down—I did not think anything about where I should see him—I was only told to go and see whether he was in Leicester-street—I saw him, and said I had a doubt—I was afterwards told I must be sure, and to go to the coffee house; I did so, and became sure—I have remained sure ever since.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Where was the other man walking? A. By the side of him—they were walking together—when I passed the prisoner I passed the other man also—I only looked at him as I went by—when I afterwards went into the coffee room, both the men were there that I had seen walking in the street—I then had an opportunity of seeing the full face of the prisoner—I have no doubt of his being the person.





GEORGE JAMES
. I reside in Wardour-street. On 20th June the boy Hatchman brought me a note—this is it, and the envelope—this cheque was contained in it—I have a customer of the name of Ferguson—I did not think fit to comply with the request contained in the note—I went with the boy and saw Mrs. Ferguson that same evening—(note read: "Mrs. Ferguson will feel greatly obliged to Mr. James if he will send her change for the enclosed cheque immediately by the bearer. 16, George-street, Hanover-square, Tuesday evening")—(The cheque was for ten guineas on Coutts and Co, dated 20th June, 1854, drawn by Eliza Armstrong, payable to William Ferguson, Esq., or bearer, with a stamped receipt on the back, on which was written, "Received, M. A. Ferguson, June 20, 1854")—Mrs. Ferguson lives at 16, George-street—the name is on the door, so that any person in the street would know that Mrs. Ferguson lived there.





ALBERT MARLOW
. I live in Pulteney-court, and work for my father, who is a shoemaker. On a Saturday in June I remember being in St. James's Park, about twenty minutes or half past 9 o'clock in the evening—I saw the prisoner there—he asked me if I was in a hurry; I said "No"—he asked me if I could take him a letter to Panton-street, I said "Yes"—he said, "Come along;" and he took me along Spring-gardens, to Dr. Cross's

door—he was standing at the end of Spring-gardens—the name of Dr. Grass is on the door—he then gave me a letter, and told me to take it to No. 8, Panton-street—this is the letter and envelope (produced)—he told me when I got the answer, to come back again, and I should see him at the same place, that he would be walking up and down; he said that I was not to ring his bell—I wont to No. 8, Panton-street, with the letter, and delivered it to Mr. Bowen—it is a tallow chandler's shop—he opened it, and said something to me—I then went back to Dr. Cross's—I did not find the prisoner there; he had gone—on the Saturday afterwards I went to Leicester-street—the policeman took me to Lisle-street, and he pointed over and told me to go into the coffee room of a public house, and told me to go in there and see if I could see anybody—I went there, and saw two persons in the coffee room—they were both men—I went in by myself—I saw the prisoner there.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you gone to see for him in Leicester-street? A. Yes—I saw him first outside—I and the other boy did not go to Leicester-street together—we did not both go back to the policeman together; the other one went back first—I did not know the other boy before; I know him now—we have not been playing together since; we have met together—we have not talked this matter over—I have never been a witness before—it is rather an important event in my life—I have not talked about this matter with the other lad, whether the prisoner was the man or no—we have said a word; we have talked about it.

Q. You knew that there was some question whether he was the man, did you not? A. I knew he was the man—the other boy did not tell me that he doubted his being the man—I heard of his doubting when he came back to the policeman—that was not when I went back to the policeman; it was before I went to see—he said he had a doubt—he said he could not get to see him—I did not go to the coffee room with the other lad—he waited outside—we went together afterwards—we went together to the door—we went in at separate times—we did not go in together—the policeman came in along with me, and I saw Mr. Coyle there sitting down—the other man that was with him was a very stout man—they were not talking or sitting together—Mr. Coyle was sitting by himself, and the other gentleman was sitting at the other side of the room—I then selected Mr. Coyle as the man who had given me the note on the Saturday before—I recollect the other boy coming back to the policeman and saying that he had some doubt—the policeman did not say to me and him, "You must be sure about him," not that I am aware of—I did not hear that—the policeman told me that I was not to say the wrong man, I was to be sure and say the right man—he told me that the first time, when I went to the public house to see him—he did not tell me that I should see the man in the public house; he told me to go in there and see if I could see the man who gave me the letter—I and Hatchman walked together as far as the door of the public house—I only said, as I went, "I will go in first"—we had not talked at all about it, as to whether he was the man or no—I know that Mr. Coyle denies being the man—I have not talked that over with the other boy—we have said we were sure he was the man, not over and over again, about once or twice—I said I was sure he was the man, because I was sure—I said to the other boy that I was sure—I said just now that I had talked it over with Hatch-man, and both of us had said that we were sure he was the man.

COURT. Q. Did you and Hatchman talk it over together, whether he was the man or not? A. Yes; I said I was sure he was the man, and he said, "Yes," he was quite sure it was him—there was nothing more.


MR. PARRY. Q. Did you talk this over more than once? A. Yes; about twice—I do not mean by that three times, I mean twice—there was not any doubt expressed—we both told each other we were sure—I said I was sure he was the man, without his saying anything to me first; and then he said he was sure, and nothing else—we said it twice on the same Saturday—it was half-past 9 o'clock at night that I saw the man.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was it daylight? A. No; it was dark—the gas was lighted—I first saw the policeman on the Saturday when he came to my house—Mr. Bowen, where I took the letter, knew where I lived—it was about the middle of the day that the policeman came to my house; I did not go with him directly—he came for me at night—I saw the other boy Hatchman on the Friday night—I went to Lisle-street along with the policeman, and he was there—I went twice—I went first on the Thursday night, and Mr. Coyle was not there; I went to look for him—I saw several men in the street that Thursday night; I did not see one that I recognized—I went again on the Friday, about 7 o'clock; I did not see any one then that I recognized—I went again on the Saturday night, and then I saw him—I first saw him in the street; he was standing up, talking to another person—I knew him then—that was before he went into the coffee-room.





JAMES BOWEN
. I am an oilman, in Panton-street, Haymarket. On Saturday evening, 17th June last, Mprlow came to my shop with this note containing this cheque—I have a customer named Dr. Cross—I did not comply with the request in the note—I detained the note and the cheque—(note read: "Dr. Cross will feel obliged if Mr. Bowen will send him change for the inclosed cheque by the bearer. 20, New-street, Spring-gardens. Mr. Bowen, 9, Panton-street, Haymarket.") (The cheque was dated 17th June, on Messrs. Coutts for 11l. 11s., drawn by Matthew Frost, payable to Dr. Cross or bearer, and contained the words "Received, Dr. Cross," upon a stamp.)





WILLIAM EDWARDS
. I am in the employment of Mr. Burnett, a linen-draper, of Covent-garden—I was in Bury-street, St. James's, on 21st June, between 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening, and met a person who spoke to me—it was the prisoner—as I was crossing the road, he said, "Here, Jack, will you take a note for me to No. 11, Jermyn-street;" I said, "Yes"—I was to wait for an answer, and to meet him at the step of Mr. Pearce's door, No. 10, Bury-street—it was in Great Ryder-street that I saw the prisoner, that is close by—I saw the house that he referred to as Mr. Pearce's—I am not sure whether there was a name on the door—he said I should have a shilling—this is the note that I took—I came away without an answer; Mr. Pearce came with me—when I got back to Mr. Pearce's I did not find the prisoner there, he was gone.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not know the other two boys at all, do you? A. No—I first saw Mr. Coyle afterwards at the police court—he was in the dock, before the Magistrate, I thought it was the Judge—at first, when I saw him, I did not think he was the man—the magistrate ordered him to put his hat on, and then I recognised him—it was a black hat—I did not notice anything remarkable about the hat—when I first saw him, I said I did not think he was the man—that was while I was in Court, before I was examined—I am not sure, exactly, what the policeman said to me; I think he said, "You must be sure it is the man," but I will not be sure what he said—I said he had on a grey, sandy-coloured alpaca coat, a sort

of mixture—I remembered principally the coat of the man, I saw the coat that he had on—I did not see any alpaca coat while he was in the Court—I gave my evidence last—I did not hear the other boys examined; I was in the passage at the time they were examined, not in the Court—I was aware that they were being examined—I saw them in the passage—I do not think the policeman told me anything about the boys—I was talking to the boys about it; I told them where I met him, and what sort of coat he had on, and then they said to me, "Yes, that was the sort of coat that I saw him in"—I do not recollect very well what I said then, or whether they said any more—that conversation took place before I went into Court—they went in afterwards, and gave their evidence before me—I do not recollect their telling me that they were sure about the man.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you have this talk with the other boys after you had been before the magistrate or before? A. Before—neither of them had been before the Magistrate then—there were some gentlemen standing about the same part of the Court as the prisoner, when I was asked to look round for the person; there was no person in the dock with the prisoner at the time—I will not be sure whether there were persons standing between the prisoner and me when I looked at him; I do not recollect whether there were—when his hat was put on I believe all the people put on their hats—I do not remember any person standing between me and the prisoner—I remember going round to where the prisoner stood, I went round behind, and then I pointed him out—I went through some other gentlemen before I came to the prisoner—they had their hate on.





RICHARD MULLENS
. I am solicitor for the prosecution—I was in attendance at the Marlborough-street Police-court when this matter was inquired into—Mr. Hardwick was the Magistrate—I was present when the last witness was examined—the prisoner was standing in the dock, which is towards one end of the Court, and immediately at the back of which the spectators stand—I think there were from twenty-five to thirty persons standing there—a rail separates the dock from the public part of the Court—there is a bar in front as well as a bar at the back—it is a simple wooden rail, and the spectators stand immediately at the back of the rail, not in the same space as the dock—the prisoners stand between two rails, and the spectators at the back and at the side—I remember Mr. Hardwick directing the persons to put on their hats; from twenty-five to thirty persons put on their hats—there was no other person in the dock.

COURT. Q. Has the lad described truly what you saw? A. Yes, except that he has hardly described that he went into the body of the crowd, and then he pointed out the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Do I understand you that he did not point out the prisoner until his hat was put on? A. Certainly not—he saw him, but not above three or four minutes before his hat was put on, just while I was examining him—I was sitting to the left of the witness box—the person who stands in the witness box is not elevated, I think the box is level with the floor—I was never in it, and do not know—the dock is barred off from the spectators, but not from everybody—a prisoner generally has several police, officers standing by his side.





GEORGE NISBETT
. I am a wine merchant, in Jermyn-street. I remember the witness Edwards bringing me this note—it contained this cheque—(read—"Mrs. Pearce will feel obliged to Mr. Nisbett if he will send her change for the enclosed cheque immediately, by the bearer. 10, Bury-street, St. James's, Wednesday evening. To Mr. Nisbett, 11, Jermyn-street."


The cheque was on Coutts and Co. for 13l. 12s., drawn by Henry Arbuthnot, payable to Mr. C. Pearce or bearer, with the words "Received, M. A. Pearce" on a stamp)—I have a customer of the name of Pearce at No. 10, Bury-street, and he happened to be in my shop at the very time this note was presented, and went with the boy.





CHARLES PEARCE
. I reside at No. 10, Bury-street, St. James's. I am acquainted with Mr. Nisbett—I happened to be at his house on 21st June, when the boy brought this note in—it is not my wife's writing—I know nothing whatever about it—I accompanied the boy back to Bury-street, with a policeman, but did not see anybody there—I think some man came to the door and knocked, and made some inquiry—I asked the lad if that was the man, and he said "No," it was some stranger.





EDWARD WILLIAM STANLEY
. I am a cashier, in the house of Coutts and Co., bankers, in the Strand. Neither of the parties purporting to draw these three cheques have any account at our house.





MARY EGGINS
. I live at No. 2, Lisle-street, Leicester-square, and let lodgings. The prisoner and his wife lodged at our house in the early part of June—he was in debt for rent—at the time he left it was 11l.; that was on 14th June—at the time I had some conversation with him about a cheque, he owed me 8l. or 9l., I suppose—I pressed him to pay it—that was about the end of May—he showed me a cheque on Messrs. Coutts' bank for 15l.—he said it would be cashed on 12th June, and then he would pay me, or before then if he could get it cashed—it was an engraved form of cheque, like these produced—I did not notice the name of the person drawing the cheque—I think it was payable to William Coyle or bearer—in consequence of that I waited until 13th June—I then went up to his room again on the subject;—he rang his bell for me—he showed me the same cheque again—he gave it into my hand, and said, "You see it is written on 'Cannot be paid until the 22nd'"—I saw those words written on the right hand side of the cheque, at the bottom—I said I did not understand cheques or bills; I would take it down to my brother, and show him—I was about to leave the room with it for that purpose—I had got as far as the door, and had got the door open, and called to my brother, when Mr. Coyle took the cheque from me, and both he and his wife said, "No"—they would not allow their cheque to be taken down stairs—I said I would bring it back immediately—he took the cheque from me, and ran and put it into the fire—I called my sister, who came into the room immediately—I said, "He has burnt the cheque; take it out of the fire"—it was not all burnt at the time—she was going to the fire, and he caught her by the neck of her dress, and held her fast, and his wife took the poker, and poked the cheque into the fire, so as entirely to destroy it—they left the lodging next day, the 14th—they left an empty trunk behind them, and a few articles in a hat box, which the police took possession of.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you were not examined at the police court in this matter? A. No—the prisoner had lodged with me from 17th Nov. last—the rent was paid weekly; it was 13s. a week—Mrs. Coyle said that he was doing business, and he said he was doing business for several noble-men, and their money came in in large sums, therefore they could not pay every week—I do not know whether he was a betting or sporting man—I do not know a brother of his, a celebrated sporting man—I did not know the prisoner before he lodged with me—I did not know that he or his brother were connected with sporting, or racing, or betting—I have heard that he has a brother, but I do not know him myself.






ROBERT MARTIN
 (policeman, C 86). I took the prisoner into custody on this charge in Leicester-street, Leicester-square, in the coffee room of a public house—I produce a box that was found at his lodging, it contains gambling instruments.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know that he was waiting there when you sent the boys? A. I did not at the time—I heard that three or four parties that he knew were there—I had made inquiries—I do not know whether he was there of his own accord.

MR. PARRY
to
MISS EGGINS. Q. Had the prisoner paid you about 9l. of rent altogether? A. He paid two sums of 4l. 7s., and 2l. 12s., which led us to have confidence in him.




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

