



882. 




MARY BURROWS



, stealing 2 coats, 1 pair of trowsers, and other articles, value 4l. 9s. 6d.; 5 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the property of 



James Relton; and 1 pair of boots and 1 shirt, 3s.; the goods of 



Thomas Cooper; having been before convicted.






JAMES RELTON
. I live at 7, Green-street, Paddington, at the house of the prisoner's father. Last Saturday three weeks I saw my clothes safe in my bed-room, at eight o'clock in the morning—I went out to work at Mr.

Dark's, the contractor's—I came home in the evening; and missed my clothes at nine o'clock—there were two coats, three waistcoats, two pairs of trowsers, two handkerchiefs, two pairs of stockings, and 1l. in silver—these are my clothes (produced)—here is a hole in this handkerchief, by which I know it.





MICHAEL DUFFY
 (policeman, D 279). I know the prisoner. On Sunday night, 9th March, I saw the prisoner with three men in the Barrow-road—I told her I wanted her—she said, "What do you want of me?"—said, "For robbing a young man who was living with your father"—she said, "Oh very well, I know nothing about him; I will go with you"—I took her to the station, where Relton identified this handkerchief, which was round her neck—the said, "It is not your handkerchief; I can bring witnesses to prove where I got it"—when we were in the outer court of the police-court she said she wanted to speak to her mother, who was there; I said she must not, unless in the pretence of a policeman—her mother said, "Mary, tell me what you bare done with the things"—she said, "I am not a flat nor a fool; I am not going to open my mouth in a public court to fill everybody else's; if I get off I will tell him where the things are."

Prisoner. Q. What grounds had you for telling the Magistrate I was a prostitute? A. By seeing you with different men in coffee-shops at different hours of the night; I bare no recollection of asking you in the cab whether you bad been out of town—you spoke to me and said,' "Where is Helton now, that young 'ape' or 'fool?'"—I said I supposed be would be at the police-court.





WILLIAM BENHAM
. I live with Mr. Luxmore, a pawnbroker, of St. Martin's-lane. I produce these clothes pawned by the prisoner on 8th March, about twelve o'clock, for 1l. 12s., in the name of William Helton, who she said was her husband, who wanted the money for a loan society—she pawned the coats and shirts at the same time—this is the ticket I gave.





THOMAS COOPER
. I lodge at the prisoner's father's house. I bad some clothes locked up in a box in the room where Relton sleeps—I missed a pair of boots and a shirt on Saturday night, 8th March—I found the box unlocked, but not forced; I am sure I had locked it—I know these boots by this strap being undone; this skirt is like mine; there is no mark on it.

Prisoner. Q. Is this the first conviction of felony that has been laid to my charge on your account? A. Yes; I never robbed your parents of two handkerchiefs; they were not found in my coat-pocket—I do not recollect your being suspected of taking them—I never robbed my master, Mr. Dark—I have been with him eight years—the Magistrate asked him if he had anything to say against me, and he said no—I was charged with stealing Helton's things and my own, but Mr. Broughton said he never heard such a charge—I have never quarrelled with Relton; we may have had a word if anything occurred.





MICHAEL DUFFY

re-examined. Relton charged Cooper with being concerned with the prisoner, as he had moved the things out of the room into a loft two or three days previous to the robbery—the boots and shirt were identified before the Magistrate as his, and he was discharged—there was a handkerchief left at the station; I do not know who by—the constable who went to the station is not here.






MART BORROWS
. I am the prisoner's mother; she lives in my house—I saw her leave on this morning at twenty minutes to eight o'clock after the men had gone to work, and before they came home to breakfast—she could get to their rooms while they were out—at the police-court she sent for me, and I asked her where the things were; she said she would tell me when she got off.

Prisoner. Q. Did Relton ever leave his watch in the room? A. Yes; your father once dropped his purse, containing a quantity of silver, and it lay at the foot of the table for five minutes, but nothing was missed out of it.

Prisoner's Defence. On the day the pawnbroker swears to me I was not out of Paddington; I am kept by a gentleman, and have no reason to commit such an act; Relton is connected with some females, who he has given his clothes to, and says it was me that took them; he takes advantage of me, because he knows I have been formerly convicted.





HENRY EDWARDS
 (policeman, S 128). I was present at the prisoner's trial in Oct., 1848, for stealing from her master—she was convicted, and sentenced to nine months imprisonment; since that she has been twice tried and acquitted.

Prisoner. The prosecutor in that case was afterwards transported, and confessed the fact, and gave me 10s. for my imprisonment.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

