



1152. 




FRANCIS JOHNSON



, feloniously forging and uttering an acquittance and receipt for 1l. 18s., with intent to defraud 



Robert Warner and others.—Other COUNTS, with intent to defraud 

our Lady the Queen.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HUGH LAWRENCE
. I am a clerk in the Post-office. I produce a Post-office order.





CHARLES BUSWELL
. I am an ironmonger, and reside at Lutterworth. I deal with Messrs. Warner—on 15th May, 1848, I owed them 2l. 2s. 7d.—I sent them a Post-office order that day for 1l. 13s.—this produced is it—the discount reduced the amount to 1l. 18s.—next day I received this acknowledgment for the order—I never paid 3s. 9d. off that account—I never sent up any old metal to Messrs. Warner.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is there anybody in your establishment that might have sent up old metal without yout knowing it? A. No, we send our old metal to Birmingham.





ROBERT WARNER
. I carry on business with my two brothers, as brass-founders and engineers, in Jewin-crescent. The prisoner has been in our employ some years as junior clerk in the counting-house—he was in the habit of keeping No. 1 Ledger, in which Mr. Buswell's account is entered—it was his duty to receive money, and to hand it over to me or the cashier—(looking at the ledger)—on 16th May 2l. 2s. 7d. was owing from Mr. Buswell—if he paid cash, the discount would reduce it to 1l. 18s.—if a Post-office order was sent up, and received by the prisoner, it would be his duty to hand it over to me or the cashier, and make an entry of it in this book—there is no such entry—this letter is the prisoner's writing, and also the writing on the Post-office order—"Received the above, John Warner and Sons"—that is the name by which the firm has gone for some years—it is not "for John Warner and Sons"—he never had authority to sign my name, or the name of the firm—we invariably send Post-office orders through our bankers—this order has not got the bankers' receipt—there is no entry in the cash-book of any Post-office order about that date—there is an entry on 15th Aug., "3s. 9d. cash received of Charles Buswell, of Lutterworth"—by that entry the prisoner charges himself with 3s. 9d.—that would import that the 3s. 9d. settled the account, and that it had been handed over to me or the cashier—it is our custom to receive old metal from our customers, and make an allowance for it—here is an entry on the credit side of Mr. Buswell's account, in the prisoner's writing, on 25th March, of 25lbs. of metal, 1l. 18s. 10d.—if that was properly entered it would be got from the old metal book, and there is no entry there of any metal received from Mr. Buswell—this entry

of 3s. 9d. is in my writing—I got that out of the rough cash-book—the entry there is in Arm field's, the cashier's writing—that 3s. 9d. and the 1l. 18s. 10d. makes 2l. 2s. 7d., so that those two entries appear to balance that item—it is a false entry altogether—my brothers are here.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner, of course, had authority to sign receipts? A. For us, just in the same way as he signed the order—the correct mode is to sign, "For John Warner and Sons," so-and-so—that has always been the practice of clerks in our firm—they are all aware of our practice—we give him power to acquit our debtors if he receives the money.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do you know any instance where the prisoner, in my legitimate transaction, has signed your name without also putting his own? A. Never.





WILLIAM WHITE
. I am a clerk in the Money-order Office, in the Post-office. When money is paid into a branch office, a letter of advice is sent up to the Post-office—the letter of advice would be kept twelve months, and then destroyed—it would contain the name of the person to whom the order is to be paid—the order itself does not contain any name—I paid this order—the name of "John Warner and Sons" was on it at the time I paid it—I cannot tell who presented it—I know that name was put on it, or else I should not have paid it.

Cross-examined. Q. If it had been signed, "John Warner and Sons, F. Johnson," you would not have paid it? A. Certainly not—this order has not passed through a banker—it was paid at the window.





ROBERT WARNER

re-examined. The order must be signed by us before it is sent to our bankers'—the prisoner would have no right to sign his own name for John Warner and Sons, and then pay it through our bankers'—I should object to that, because he had no authority to do it—the receipt to this order is not the writing of, or written by the authority of, any member of our firm—the letter containing the order must have been opened by the prisoner, as he acknowledged the receipt of it—he has received very large sums of money—he could not believe that he had authority to sign my name—I never led him to believe so quite the contrary.

MR. BALLANTINE, in addressing the Jury, contended that this only amounted to an excess of authority on the part of the prisoner, and not to such a false making as constituted a forgery. The
RECORDER
directed the Jury, that if they were satisfied that he did the act in question without the authority of the firm, and with an intention of defrauding them, they might find him guilty.





GUILTY
of forging and uttering.
 Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were other indictments against the prisoner.)

The prosecutor's loss was stated at about 400l., during a period of two years.

