




264. 




JOSHUA LAKE, alias
 Legg




, stealing 1 cart, value 6l.; the goods of 



Richard Dryson Lemon and others: and 

1 cart, 12l.; the goods of 



John Withey; having been before convicted.






JOSEPH WINFIELD
. I am in the employ of Mr. Lemon. I had the care of a cart belonging to him—I put it in a shed in Suffolk-street on 29th Nov., about a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening—there was a padlock to the door—I shut the door and locked it—I went at a quarter-past eight next morning—the gate was broken, and the cart gone.





JOHN EDWARDS
. I live in Willow-walk, and am a carriage-broker. On Tuesday, 3rd Dec, the prisoner came to me about three o'clock in the afternoon—he asked me if I was a buyer of an old pair of wheels and axletree—I said I did not know till I saw them—he went away, and came back in a quarter of an hour with them—he wanted 10s. for them—I said there were several spokes broken, and they were covered with mud, but I would give him three half-crowns—he agreed to take it—I paid him, and asked him to write his address, which he did, "No. 9, Wild-court, Lincoln'sinn-fields"—when he was writing it, he said, "You know me very well, and you know my brother, there is no occasion for the address"—I said, "There is occasion, for there are two carts stolen from Clerkenwell"—I washed one spoke, and found it corresponded with the description of one of the carts stolen, and I sent to Mr. Lemon—this is the nut that came off the axletree that the prisoner brought to me.





WILLIAM LYE
. I live in Paul-street, Finsbury—I know the prisoner. On 30th Nov. he brought two carts to my place at a quarter-past eight o'clock in the morning—he said "Is your place ready?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Can I get in?"—I said, "If you can get up the yard you may"—(he had come eight or nine days before, and taken the place, and be was to bring a carriage, but I never saw him again till 30th Nov.)—he got the two carts in, and they remained there till the policeman took them.





WILLIAM FISHER
 (policeman, G 127). I took the two carts from Mr. Lye's place—the wheels were off, and one pair of wheels and an axletree and springs gone—I showed one cart to Mr. Withey, who was with me at the time—that was the cart of which the wheels were left—the carts are now at the station—Mr. Withey and Mr. Lemon have seen them.





JOHN WITHEY
. I saw the cart shown me by the officer—it is mine—I had seen it safe on Friday morning, 29th Nov., and on Saturday morning, the 30th, it was gone—it had been in the same shed with Mr. Lemon's.






RICHARD DRYSON LEMON
. I have partners—the cart spoken of belonged to us—I know this nut by its being split, and I saw it taken off the axletree—I knew the wheels, they were mine.





JOHN GUNN
 (police-sergeant, G 8). On Tuesday evening, 3rd Dec., I took the prisoner in Wild-court—I said, "I want to speak to you about the wheels and axletree that you sold this evening"—he said, "I sold no wheels and axletrees"—I said, "Are you sure of that?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Not any time to-day in the Willow-walk?"—he said, "No"—I said, "I shall take you for stealing two carts"—after we had got 200 or 300 yards he said, "I did sell two wheels and an ax✗etree; I bought them of a drover in Smithfield on Saturday last"—when we got further on he said, "I bought them to-day."

COURT. Q. You went to the address he gave, No. 9, Wild-court? A. Yes, and he was coming home.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of a dealer in Smithfield; I hired the shed to put them in; I sold the wheels to the best advantage.





JOHN EDWARDS

re-examined. When I paid him for the wheels he said he had been breaking up an old cart, and these were the wheels and axletree.





RICHARD DRYSON LEMON

re-examined. Mine was a chaise-cart, it had not been built above nine months—it was not proper to break up—it had the name in gilt letters on each side—it had not been painted out, but smeared out—the name on the shaft is as legible as ever.





GEORGE STEVENSON
 (policeman, B 83). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted on hit own confession Oct. 1849, and confined nine months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.**Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

