




433. 




GEORGE SMITH
 and 



EMMA SMITH
 were indicted for

 feloniously making counterfeit coin.


MR. COOPER. conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BRANNAN
. I was an inspector of the G division of police. On 31st Feb., from directions I received from the authorities of the Mint, I went to Castle-buildings, Bermondsey, about 10 or 11 o'clock in the morning, accompanied by inspector Bryant, and other officers; the street door was fastened, I broke it open with a sledge hammer, and on entering saw the male prisoner coming down stairs with the side of a bedstead in his hand—he called out loudly, "Emma!"—I rushed in, and a scuffle ensued at the bottom of the stairs, which, I believe, was intended to prevent our going up—I pushed him into the yard, and he was seized by inspector Bryant, and sergeant Brannan—I left a constable outside in case anything was thrown out of the window, rushed up stairs, and found Evans, a policeman, pulling the female prisoner from the fire, and pushing her on the bed as she was stamping on these pieces of plaster of Paris mould (produced)—there was a clear bright fire, and a number of counterfeit shillings on it, three of which I picked off, two partly burnt, and I saw several melt, which I could not succeed in getting—there was a ladle on the fire containing fused white metal—I also found this counterfeit florin, and this file with white metal in the teeth—in a cupboard in the room I found this galvanic battery in action, and a jar confining solution, a portion of which I preserved; also a number of bottles containing acid, and all the implements for making and coating counterfeit coin—here is a piece of tin with plaster of Paris adhering to it, as if a mould had been made on it; it was more visible then, it has been rubbed—I also found some wet sand, which is used to scour the coin, and some plaster of Paris for making moulds.

Prisoner George. Q. How could you see me come down stairs, nobody can see the stairs till they get to the foot of them? A. I had abundant opportunity of seeing you, you had a piece of a bedstead in your hand in an attitude to strike, and I believe that was your intention—there were some pieces of wood sawn, in the back parlour under the stairs.

Prisoner Emma. Q. What violence did you see me use? A. I saw you struggling with a constable, and he pushed you on the bed.





JAMES BRANNAN
. Junior (Policeman, G 21). I accompanied my father, the last witness, and saw the male prisoner struggling with him; he was secured and handcuffed—in his jacket pocket I found a half crown and a shilling, which I believe to be pattern pieces for making moulds, as they are both old coins; they seem as if they had been scoured, and there is plaster of Paris adhering to them.





BENJAMIN BRYANT
. (Police inspector, G). I accompanied the Brannans to No. 7, Castle—buildings—on entering the house, I saw the male prisoner coming down stairs with the side of a bedstead on his shoulder; I assisted in securing him, went up stairs, and found three counterfeit florins; and on the table several pieces of tin (produced) which are used for putting in the centre of the coins.


Prisoner George. Q. Where was I? A. I saw you meet him at the foot of the stairs—we were in the back room when you were coming down; there are four rooms, two up and two down.





THOMAS EVANS
. (Policeman, G 145). I went with the other policemen, and saw the female prisoner stamping on some plaster of Paris moulds by the fireplace—I laid hold of her—she struggled violently, and I pushed her on the bed—these are her boots (produced)—here is plaster of Paris on them—I found a counterfeit half—crown on the mantlepiece—when I went down, the male prisoner said, "Have you found anything?" I said, "A little"—he said, "You would not have found so much if I had been up there."

Prisoner George. You said that there were two counterfeit half-crowns; they are florins. Witness. I made a mistake.





ARTHUR ELLIOTT
. (Policeman, G 104). I accompanied the other policemen—I found two counterfeit florins on the floor, in front of the fireplace, and down stairs, in the front parlour cupboard, I found nearly a dozen pieces of moulds, with the impressions scraped off (produced).





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. There is everything here necessary for coining; plaster, sand, acids, and a battery—from these fragments of moulds I have been able to pick out a fragment of one for halfcrowns and one for shillings—this good halfcrown and shilling are like the patterns for these two moulds—these coins are all bad.

George Smith's Defence, I was not coming down stairs; I had not been up stairs at all; I was in the parlour, sawing wood; it is a very strange thing if the man who was behind saw me coming down stairs, and the one in front did not; I was out nearly all day on the Friday; the staircase is not in sight till you get near to the back door; another man swears that he found two halfcrowns; they turn out to be florins; and when he is found out, he says it is a mistake; I wish to call Thomas Kemp.





THOMAS KEMP
. examined by the prisoner George. Q. Can you see anybody coming down stairs in that house? A. Yes; as soon as you enter the middle door, you can see some one through the banister rails; there are eight or ten rails—when you get to the doorway, you can see them come in; you must get out of the doorway to get to the front room—you cannot see anybody till you get to the staircase—I saw some wood cut up down stairs on the morning you were taken.

COURT. Q. Are you the agent for collecting the rents at No. 7? A. Yes—the prisoners lived together as man and wife—I have no reason to suppose that they are not—I have only known them there six weeks.

EMMA SMITH—


NOT GUILTY
.

GEORGE SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.


The elder Brannan stated that he had been convicted of uttering at Maid-stone and at Croydon, and that the young woman Johnson (see page 657) was one of his dupes; and that he was also convicted at this Court, in the name of Kent, with a man named Jaggers, who is now undergoing his imprisonment.





Transported for Life.

