



1521. 




EDWARD MEEDES



, breaking and entering the dwelling—house of 



William Gee, and stealing 1 pair of boots, and 3 bottles of ginger—beer, value 6s. 6d.; his property.






ELIZA HANNAH GEE
. I am the wife of William Gee, we live on Sir George Ducket's canal, in the parish of St. Mary Stratford, Bow, it is my husband's dwelling—house. I do not know the prisoner—on Friday afternoon, 27th June, I left my house about 2 o'clock, to go to see my husband, who was in the hospital—my parlour window—shutters were open, bat the window was shut, and fastened inside with a catch, and an awl put in—I came back about half—past 6—I then found a square of glass broken, but the window was down—I went into my bed—room; I found the bed was disordered, and I missed three bottles of ginger—beer, and a quart basin of walnuts; and next morning I missed a pair of boots from under the bed—I had seen them all safe on the Friday morning.





WILLIAM DAVISON
. I am a hawker. I know Mrs. Gee's house—on that Friday afternoon, between 4 and 5 o'clock, I saw the prisoner and some other boys in the water, they came to bathe—I saw the prisoner go and break Mrs. Gee's window with his fist—he took out the awl from the window, which kept the catch from flying back—he opened the window and got in, and was in about a quarter of an hour—there was one boy outside on the bridge—the prisoner came out of the house the same way that he got in, and put the window down—he had a pair of boots, and three bottles of gingerbeer, and something weighty—he put the boots on, and threw the bottles in the water, and went away.





MARY CARTER
. I am the wife of George Carter. I bought these boots of the prisoner on Saturday morning, 28th June—I asked him whether they were his own; he said "Yes"—I gave them to the policeman.





PETER POTTER
 (policeman, K 159). I took the prisoner; he told me he knew nothing about it—I received these boots from Mrs. Carter.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in the water, and some person chucked these boots on my clothes; I sold them to Mrs. Carter for 2s.




GUILTY
.

The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted: to which he pleaded



GUILTY.** Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
