



775. 




JOHN ARTHUR RAWSON



, stealing 1 watch, value 15l.; the goods of 



John Charles Henry Delolm, in his dwelling-house: having been before convicted.






JOHN CHARLES HENRY DELOLM
. I am a watch-maker, of Rathbone-place. The prisoner came to my shop on 22nd Feb., about one o'clock, or a little after—he desired to see some gold watches—I produced a tray, and showed him two watches—he then desired to look at a repeating watch—I had to turn round to get another tray—my attention was excited by his appearance, and I took notice that the watches laid all right on the counter—he looked at the repeaters, and then desired to have a card of the shop—I had to turn round for it—he immediately walked away, and I immediately missed a watch from the first tray, worth 15l.—I should have asked a customer 20l. for it—nobody else could have taken it.

Prisoner. I never was in the shop; he said he was not sure about it. Witness. I had some slight doubts at first, but when they removed his wig, and when I heard him speak, I knew him directly—he has a wig on now—if he had a wig when he came to me, it was a light one—I described him as a fair man—there was something in his countenance which I took notice of, and of his features—when his wig was removed, his hair was closely shaven underneath.





WILLIAM FISHER
 (policeman, G 127). On 25th March I met the prisoner in Gray's-inn-road, and told him I wanted him on suspicion of stealing a gold watch—he said it was a d—d lie, and I was a d—d scoundrel—I wanted him to go the prosecutor, but he would not—I sent for the prosecutor, who came and identified him—in going to the station he said, "It is no use your looking after the watch; you will never find it, Mr. Fisher."

Prisoner. He knew me before, and has a grudge against me. Witness. On 2nd Nov. I had him for obtaining money under false pretences, and he had two months—his sister was tried in the Old Court two days ago, and had fifteen months for stealing a gold watch—I know them both as belonging to a most notorious gang of swindlers.





ROBERT DAVIES
 (policeman, L 103). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted May, 1848, and confined three months)—he is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

