



711. 




JOHN BRETT (37)


, Feloniously casting and throwing at 



Thomas Robinson a quantity of oil of vitriol, with intent to burn him.


MR. PAYNE conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS ROBINSON
. I live at No. 15, Church Way, New Road, St. Pancras. On Sunday morning, 17th May, between 9 and 10 o'clock, I sent my son on an errand—he had not been gone a minute or so before I heard somebody say, "There is two upon one, it is not fair," or something of that sort—I went out, and saw two boys fighting my boy, and just as I got up to the boys the prisoner's wife was there, and she turned away—I separated them, and sent my boy away about his business—I then went and spoke to a neighbour, named Norman—I still kept my eye on the prisoner's shop, for I had a mistrust for some time past that he intended to do me some injury—I could not see him, and I went past, and when I got opposite his door he threw a quart tin pannikin of vitriol at me, and said, "Take that, you old b—, that will warm you."—(The witness, who appeared in a very weak state, here became very unwell.)

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. I believe your son had been quarrelling before this day? A. Not that I know of; I am very little at home, and when I am at home I am at work—this being Sunday morning I should say the prisoner was sober, he spoke so—I have known him for some time, unfortunately—I believe he is at times in the habit of getting drunk.

Q. Have you ever been charged with an assault upon him? A. I believe he has managed that many times, for he can always get plenty to swear anything he asks them for a glass of gin—he is a low man, and keeps low company—I have never been fined for committing an assault upon him, but he has, and threw a basket of fire over my little girl, and set fire to her—I believe he managed to get me fined 1l. for an assault upon him; there

has been plenty of false swearing, by a public house lot—to the best of my recollection, I think it was inquired into before the Magistrate—I cannot answer whether I was fined 1l., for I do not recollect; I believe I was fined something—I cannot answer whether that has happened more than once, I think not—I have always been a good neighbour towards the prisoner—on the Saturday night previous to this, as I stood at my door, he asked me to go and drink with him—I said, "No, John, thank you, I have had my allowance for to-night"—he said, "Yes, and a good job for you, you old b—that you do not come"—the prisoner's wife was there when I went up to the boys—she and I did not have any quarrel, not a word—there were other persons there beside his wife—I know a person named Baldwin—I believe I saw him, but it was as much as I did—I do not know the prisoner's eldest son, John Brett—I will swear I did not strike the prisoner's wife that morning—I never lifted my hand to a woman.





ELIZA ROBINSON
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On Sunday morning, 17th May, I sent my son on an errand—my husband went out to separate him and two boys—I saw the prisoner standing at his door, with a quart tin pot in his hand, and as my husband returned he threw the contents of the tin pot over his head and face, saying, "Take that, you old b—, that will warm you"—he repeated that more than once—my husband at first thought it was water, till he had gone a few paces, and then he said, "Oh, Eliza, I am burning! take me to the hospital"—it burnt his clothes, and also burnt my hand and arm—he was taken to University College Hospital.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know what the prisoner is? A. He keeps a broker's shop—he would not require vitriol to use in his business; he makes bedsteads—I saw the quarrel between the boys—I saw the prisoner's wife come and take my boy by the hair of his head, and strike him in the face—that was the reason of my calling my husband to separate them.





ISABELLA MILLS
. I live opposite the prisoner. On this Sunday morning I heard the quarrelling between the boys—I did not see what happened after that, but I heard Mr. Robinson's footsteps, and I heard Mr. Brett say, "I will warm you, you old b—," and he instantly threw a something, and a portion of it came over me, and over some clothes hanging up behind me, and burnt them dreadfully.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the prisoner's wife? A. I saw her go towards the boys, and I went and took her two children from the scuffle, and I saw her and her brother in a quarrel with her son and the prosecutor's son; I cannot say that I saw a blow struck.





THOMAS TURNER
. (Policeman, S 365). I took the prisoner into custody on the Sunday morning—he said he hoped what he had thrown over the old b—would kill him—he said that both in going to the station and afterwards—I produce the clothes that the prosecutor was wearing.

Cross-examined. Q. About what time was it that you took the prisoner? A. About 10 o'clock—he was perfectly sober—I only know him by sight.





THOMAS VINCENT JACKSON
. I am house surgeon at University College Hospital. On Sunday, 17th May, I saw Robinson there, about a quarter to 11 o'clock—his clothes were almost entirely covered with vitriol—the left side of his neck and face was almost charred, in some places the skin was quite black—he was not able to speak or to answer any question for an hour or two, he was in a state of collapse—I attended carefully to him, and hope he is now getting on—he has been under my care ever since.
(MR. RIBTON. stated that he could not resist a conviction, but catted witnesses



to the prisoner's good character; and also to show that he had the vitriol on his premises for use in his trade.)




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

