




186. 





JOHN MASON
 and 



SUSANNAH WALKER



, stealing 400 yards of silk, value 50l., and 12 yards of statuette, 1l. 8s.; the goods of 




Charles Spiers and others, the masters of Mason, in their dwelling-house.



MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH SPIERS
. I am a silk-manufacturer; I carry on business with my father and brother, at 10, Spital-square. Mason was our foreman for thirteen or fourteen years—he had the management of the work, giving it out, and receiving it in—he had the general superintendence, and down to this time we had confidence in his integrity—on 18th Dec, about the middle of the day, I bad occasion to go up to the place where Mason had a desk, to ask him tone questions about business—he was at his desk, and the lid was resting on bis bead—he immediately closed his desk, and turned round, and I saw he was much confused—I did not intimate to him that I thought there was something irregular, but I came down stairs out of the room where he was—in about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after that he went to dinner—I communicated to my partners what I had observed, and I went up to the desk where I and seen Mason—I found the desk locked—Mason had one key of it, and we had another—I unlocked it, and found in it these eight pieces of silk—they are worth about 52l.—they are our property, and two or three have tickets on them—we have an engraved form for tickets—I saw this bag in the desk—I locked the desk again, and left the silk and bag as I had found it—Mason came sack from his dinner at the usual time, and he left at half-past 8 in the evening—my brother is the resident partner there—all the persons had left when the prisoner left; he was the last person—after he was gone I went to the desk again and found it open, and the silk and bag were gone—I searched about the premises, and came to a place we call the wicket-box, near the toilet—there is a counter before it; that is where the workpeople employed out of doors come to et their work—it is like a box at a pawnbroker's—the workpeople receive and take out their work—we do not have weaving done on our premises—Walker was in our employ's a weaver, but she took winding home for some of her family—I found the same bag and silk in that place that I had seen in the desk—I put some marks on the silks, and left the bag and silk in the box where I found it—I communicated with the police—next morning I stationed myself with an officer in an empty house, which commanded a view of the entrance to our premises—I saw Mason come about 19 minutes past 8—his usual time of coming was 8; but for some considerable time past he had been nearly half-past 8 before he came—in a few minutes after, I saw Walker come—I still remained where I was, till I saw Walker come out in about ten minutes with this bag and the silk. (MR. BALLANTIKE
here intimated that he was anxious, on the part of Mason, to withdraw his plea; but the
RECORDER
thought the case must proceed). When Walker came out, I turned to the left and went' away; I did not want to be seen—I saw Mason that morning again after he was in custody—I afterwards went to where Mason lives in Thomas-street, Bethnal-green, with the officer—I found there these twelve yards of satinette, which I believe h off one of the same pieces that was in the desk—Walker Kves in Church-street: she is married.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Was it about 20 minutes after 8 o'clock that morning that Walker came? A. From a quarter to twenty minutes; women come for work at various times—they might come at that hour—I saw two women who work for us go in at our front door at the same time she did—this parcel is a considerable size—the pate is rather narrow where the persons enter for the purpose of being served—all our work is done out of the house—Mason carried on a manufactory of silk gauze at his own place; it was carried on with our knowledge—he did no work for us on his own premises—I objected to his having work manufactured on his own premises

from the first—Mason's family wove this gauze, nothing else, I believe—Walker wove for us, and the winding was done by some of her family—we have employed her some years; I recollect her seven or eight years—Mason had the general management of our business.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Is this silk perfectly manufactured? A. One or two pieces are finished; the others are unfinished—it is kept in stock sometimes in one state and sometimes another—we had at that time a very large stock—when the weavers bring in their work, it is not re-delivered to them to finish unless it is not done well—it is sometimes given them to pick—that was not the case with these; I see nothing the matter with them—the weaver's work of these is done—they would be finished by being dressed—Mason lives about a quarter of a mile from Walker.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). I was spoken to on this matter, and on the morning of 19th Dec. I was in a room nearly opposite the prosecutor's premises—I saw Mason go in, and shortly after Walker went in and two other women—I then saw Walker come out with this bag, and turn to the left, and before I could get down I lost sight of her—I found her in the Pewter Platter, about 100 yards off—she was sitting down in front of the bar, and this bag by her side; I was in plain clothes—I stopped some time, and then I said to her, "What have you got in that bag?"—she looked at me, and in about a second she said, "That is like your impudence"—I then told her I was a police-sergeant, and I suspected she had stolen property, and she must come with me—she then said it was her work—I took her into custody, and took possession of the bag—it contained the silk now produced—I took her back to the warehouse, and as we were going along she told no the foreman had given it her to take home to her house till he called for it—when I got to the premises I sent for Mason, and told him he was charged with stealing a quantity of silk, the property of his employers—he asked us to let him go back for his hat; but not knowing the premises, and whether there might be a back way out, I refused to let him go—he then said, "You know too much for me"—Walker was there at the time—Mason said something to his master, and he cried, and said he did not know what made him do it, and he said she was not the guilty party—he cried all the way to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say also, "J gave it to her?" A. Yes; he said that in the warehouse, and he said, "She is not the guilty party"—it fact, part of the time he did not know what he did say—Mason's house is about a quarter of a mile further than Walker's house, if you go round Church-street, but if you go from the warehouse it is about the same distance—in going from the warehouse to Mason's it would be rather out of the way to go to Walker's, but not much.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you search Walker's house? A. I did; I found this piece of velvet, this piece of silk, and some silk not manufactured—these are them.





CHARLES SPIERS, JUN
 I am one of the partners in the firm. A communication was made to me—I went up after the people had gone, and saw the silk—on the following morning I placed myself in a room adjoining the weavers' waiting-place—I went there about half-past 7 o'clock—I had A view of the wicket-box—I saw Walker come there; two women and a little boy had been disposed of before her—Mason was attending to business at that counter—after the other two women and the boy were gone, and Walker was there alone, I beard some conversation between her and Mason—I put my ear to the keyhole, and could hear a low sort of whispering, but could not

distinguish the words—I saw Walker come out of the box with this white bag—when she was brought back by the officer, I called Mason, and told him we wanted him; there was an officer to take him into custody for robbing us—he merely said, "Oh!" as he walked out of the warehouse, that was all—I afterwards saw him and Walker in the passage—I heard Walker say she knew nothing at all of it—the bag was given to her—Mason then said she was not the guilty party, or the guilty one.





JOSEPH SPIERS

re-examined. This velvet found at Walker's is not ours—this silk looks very much like ours; I could not swear to it—here is a bobbin with some silk on it—this bobbin is ours—she could not honestly be in possession of this bobbin—every bobbin ought to be returned—I could not swear to this unwound silk.

Cross-examined. Q. Is this what is used in weaving? A. Yes, but if this bobbin was given out to wind it should be returned—our account is kept by weight—we weigh the silk out, and weigh the bobbins—this would be in the control of Mason—I do not know whether she was bound to return this bobbin.
(John Peters, a publican; John Mew, publican; Charles Gold, oilman; Edward Cull, publican; John Kelly, builder; and George Ford, gave Mason a good character.—Walker also received a good character.)

MASON—


GUILTY
. Aged 38. 


Transported for Seven Years.


WALKER—


NOT GUILTY
.
