




460. 




MARGARET HIGGINS
 and 




ELIZABETH SMITH
, were indicted for

 a robbery, with violence, on 




Frederick Hardy Jewitt, and stealing from his person 1 watch, 1 ring, and 1 scarf, and other articles, value 9l. 12s., 2 shillings and 3 pence; his property.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK HARDY JEWITT
. I am clerk to my father, a solicitor, in Lime-street. On Thursday evening, 10th Jan., between nine and ten o'clock, I was in Whitechapel—I was perfectly sober, I had only had a little claret—I felt some one at my left side—from a glance I had, I think it was a woman—I felt a handkerchief, or rag, come over my face, and have no idea of anything from that time till I found myself in a room on a horrible bed, naked, except my stockings, and only covered over with a dirty rag—I was greatly confused, and in great pain all over me—there was no candle—I missed my boots, hat, a cashmere shawl, gloves, handkerchief, silver watch, hair-guard, a tooth-pick, a gold ring, two shillings, and some coppers—I had had them all the night before, the ring had been in my waistcoat pocket with my tooth-pick—my waistcoat was not gone—the room-door was fastened outside—it was just day-break when I came to my senses, but when I got out it was light—I had no idea where I was—as soon as I came to my senses, I hallooed out, and went towards the door—I found a small key on the floor—I heard footsteps outside, pushed the key under the door, and it was opened by a pot-boy—I found I was in the back-room, first-floor—I partly went downstairs, and then went upstairs to a back-room, and found a man and woman there—I sent an envelope by the man to my father's office, and they came in a cab for me—these are the trowsers I had on—they are muddy up to the knees, as if I had been dragged along the mud—they were not so before—this hat and boots are mine—my memory was very much affected at the police-court—I am better now, but am confused, and cannot recollect very well—I had been very ill with the jaundice, this was only the fourth day I had been out—I had suffered no loss of intellect before this—the house where I found myself is about two hundred yards from where my recollection serves me last—there is a street between—Osborne-street turns out of Whitechapel, and Thrall-street out of that—I had not spoken to any females, and have not the slightest knowledge of the prisoners—I had been ill for a month.





JOHN DOWARD
. I am potman at the Frying-pan, Brick-lane—Thrall-street runs out of Brick-lane, the second turning from Whitechapel-church. On 11th Jan., between ten and eleven in the morning, I went to 8, Thrall-street, to collect pots, and heard the back-room door, first-floor, rattle—there was; padlock on it—I saw a key outside, opened it, and found Mr. Jewitt—he made a complaint to me—he looked very bad—I told a policeman.





WILLIAM SAUNDERS
. I am a painter, and live in the top room back of 8, Thrall-street; the floor above where Mr. Jewitt was. He came up to me that morning, and I took his father's address on an envelope, I brought back one of the clerks in a cab, and then took the prosecutor into the cab on my back—he was in very great agitation, and seemed to be lost in thought—he said he had been trepanned and robbed—on the night previous, I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock—I heard a noise two or three times, between

three and four in the morning, in the room below, where the prisoner Higgins lived—she was there the day before—it was a faint sort of a groan, as if some one was in the night-mare—being tired, I 'went off to sleep again.





DAVID EVANS
. I am pot-boy to Mr. Harley sometimes, when I can get a day's work there. On 11th Jan., about twelve o'clock, I went for a pot to the back-room, first-floor, of 8, Thrall-street—Higgins lives there, and I have seen Smith there, but not in company with Higgins—I looked under the bed, and found a hat and a pair of boots—there was a lot of spue and vomit there—I lifted the sheet out of the mess, and opened the window.





GEORGE COX
 ( policeman, 138 H). On Thursday night, 10th Jan., I was on duty, and had to pass 8, Thrall-street—I know that the prisoners lived there, in the back-room, first-floor—I have had the room pointed out to me—it was where Mr. Jewitt was found—I saw the prisoners together about half-past ten o'clock that night, and saw them go into the house—I saw them together again about a quarter or twenty minutes past twelve—Smith said, "You b—r, I will lag you"—Higgins said, "You go on, I will be along with you directly"—lag means transport—Smith goes by the name of Fat Bet.


Smith. Q. You said before, it was half-past eleven o'clock when you saw me? A. I never said so—I followed you through Thrall-street, George-street, Wentworth-street, and Commercial-street, into Whitechapel, and saw Higgins speak to a man named Gallagher—I did not say at Worship-street that I did not know who the man was.

COURT. Q. About how long should you say they were in the house? A. About two hours—there are a good number of foot-passengers in Thrall-street between nine and ten o'clock, but there is a court-way that they could use where there is scarcely any one passing, they might meet some girls, but no respectable people—the court is inhabited by those sort of characters—a person apparently drunk would not attract much attention.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). I took Higgins in Keate-street, Spitalfields, about half-past ten o'clock, on 12th Jan.—I told her she was charged with drugging and robbing a gentleman at 8, Thrall-street—she said, "I did not do it, Fat Bet brought him to my room; she robbed him of him things, cut with and stuck to the regulars, (meaning that she kept the money); God strike me blind if I get lagged any more than the other, as one was as much in it as the other; and if you go to Hart's house, in George-street, you will find her there to-night, or at Irish Mog's, (that is the girl of the town who lives next door), but you must not tell that I told you, or they will kill me when I come out"—I took her to the station—she said Fat Bet did not give her anything—I went to Hart's house and the home next door, but could not find Smith.

Higgins. I said the key was always left in the door. Witness. Yes, for the accommodation of Fat Bet, but I did not know you meant Smith.





JOHN JOHNS
 (policeman, H 76). On 10th Jan. I was on duty in Osborne-place, and saw the prisoners walking together about half-past nine o'clock, about forty yards from High-street, and 200 yards from Thrall-street—I saw them again, about half-past eleven, in Thrall-street—on the Saturday night afterwards, about half-past twelve, I and another officer went to a house in George-street, about twenty yards from Thrall-street—I went to the back-door, and my brother officer to the front—I heard a knock at the front door, and a male voice said, "So help me God,Bill, it is the copper, hook it!"—cooper means policeman, and hook it, make your escape—the back-door was opened

from the inside, and Smith came out partly undressed—I knew her before by the name of Fat Bet—she tried to escape from the passage—I stopped her, and said I took her for drugging and robbing a gentleman in Thrall-street—she said, "You are mistaken; it was not me, it was the other"—I said, "What other?"—she made no answer.





ANN HURLEY
. I am the wife of Patrick Hurley, who keeps a beer-shop at 18, Thrall-street—No. 8, Thrall-street, belongs to me. On 11th. Jan. Higgins lived in the back room first floor, and Smith with her—on 11th Jan., a short time after the prosecutor went away in the cab, Higgins came to the bar—Gallagher was there—he had lived with me—I know that he had been in the hospital—Higgins and he had a pint of ale together—Higgins paid for it—I heard her say she sold the watch for 1l., and the ring for 3s., and she gave Fat Bet 13s. 6d. out of it—Gallagher said something about lag, but my child cried and I turned round—I came back and heard her say she sold the b—y scarf for 9d.—next day I went to the room where the prisoners lodged, and saw vomiting about it, and a chamber utensil nearly full of vomit.

Higgins. Q. What state was I in? A. A little the worse for liquor; not quite drunk.





CHRISTOPHER LERICK
. I am a surgeon of West Ham. I attended Mr. Jewitt for jaundice five weeks previous to this outrage—I have heard his account, and believe his becoming insensible might have been occasioned by chloroform—from the state in which I found him, I think laudanum was given him after the chloroform—a person could not become insensible by having laudanum put to his nose.

COURT. Q. Did you smell the vomit? A. He was not sick after I was called to him, but was in a state of stupor, and had a contracted pupil, a bard pulse, and giddiness.—I believe the effects of chloroform go off speedily, but I only know it from hospital reports—the state I found him in was not the effect of the jaundice, but of some opiate—he had had one of the most serious attacks of jaundice I ever saw in a young person, but it never brings on insensibility—I had seen him on the morning of the 10th—he was in such a state that his stomach was easily affected—claret was the only fluid I allowed him to take—he had no vomiting during his illness—it is not a symptom of the disease—an opiate would bring on copious vomiting seven or eight hours afterwards—he has been delirious for three days since this—that is not attributable to the jaundice.

Higgins' Defence. The key was always left in the door; it is a common house; several other girls live in it; I never saw the gentleman, and know nothing about it.

Smith's Defence. The key was always in the door; I never saw the gentleman.

HIGGINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

of Robbery.






Transported for Fifteen Years.

