




1142. 




GEORGE PETTIT
 and 




THOMAS FINCH



, stealing 21 spoons, value 2l.; 18 10l.-notes, 31 sovereigns, and other moneys; the property of 



Jane Clark, in her dwelling-house: 2nd COUNT, charging Finch with receiving.—Finch having been before convicted.


MR. RIBTON
conducted the Prosecution.






JANE CLARK
. I am a widow, and keep the Alton ale-house, King-street, Hammersmith. On 6th May I had 254l. in a rosewood work-box, in a chest in my bedroom—there was also some silver spoons, pencil-cases, some trinkets, documents, leases, and insurance papers—I saw them safe at twelve o'clock in the day—about six, or half-past, I went up to put some money away, put the key into the door, and it opened without twisting it—the front of the chest was smashed in, and the work-box and its contents gone—it is my dwelling-house, and is m the parish of Hammersmith.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you been out after you saw it safe? A. No—my husband died on 11th Nov., I think, 1844—I have seen a person of the name of William Chaffers; that is all I know about him—he is alive—I refuse to answer whether I was ever married to him—I have no husband but the one that is dead—I saw Chaffers this morning.

COURT. Q. Have you married Chaffers since 1844? A. I am not conscious of what I did for two or three years, but I have not been married to any one since 1844—I laboured under an aberration of mind, and cannot be accountable for what I did—they say I married Chaffers, I do not know whether I did—whatever I did, it was before 1844—I never lived m the same house with him—I married Clark in 1823—I did not know Chaffers before that, I was not in this part of the world—there has been a charge of bigamy against me, but it was dismissed—Chaffers made it.





JOHN DAVIS
. I am a carpenter and builder, and live at Mrs. Clark's. I know both the prisoners—Pettit has worked for me—on 6th May, about five o'clock, he was having tea with me at the Alton ale-house—Mr. Henry Clark called him, and he went out—I waited a quarter of an hour for him, and another lodger came for the tea-pot—I went down to see for him, and saw

Finch by the tap-room door—I asked him if he had seen George—he said, "Why, he is just gone round the corner (he will be back in a minute) on a little business of mine; you go back and finish your tea"—I told him I did finished, but I wanted him to come and finish—I went towards the back yard, and met Pettit between the the tap-room and kitchen—I said, "George, what business have you with that apron on?"—he said he was going to the cellar for Harry Clark—I turned round to leave him, and my foot came in contact with a box tied in a handkerchief—I picked it up, and asked him what it was—he said, "I do not know, it does not belong to me"—I put it back again at his feet, left him, and he went and finished his tea.





JAMES AYRES
. I am a shoemaker, and live at King-street, Hammersmith. I know the prisoners. On 6th May, about five o'clock, I saw Finch come out of the "Leaping Bar" yard, which is opposite to where I live, and adjoins the Alton ale-house—he had a bundle under his arm—I watched him as far as I could see him.





CHARLES JECKS
 (police-inspector, T). On 6th May, about half-past ten o'clock, in consequence of information, I found the prisoners together at the "Jolly Gardener's"—I told them they were charged with stealing a box, containing about 300l., from Mrs. Clark—they said they knew nothing about it—I took them to the station—the next morning Samuel Clark, a son of the prosecutrix, came to the station; Finch asked to see him—I brought him out, they conversed together, and in consequence of that information I accompained Finch to Dedman's-lane, where we found the box, some small articles, and loose papers, sunk under a bridge—he then said the money was buried in a meadow some distance off—he showed me the place—he said he knew the exact spot within a little—we came to the place, and could not find it—he did not say he buried it himself—I left two men to look about—I took Finch back, and told Pettit the box was found under the bridge—he said he knew nothing about the box, Finch stole it, and buried it, he could show where the money was buried within a yard or two—he said that in the presence of his brother, who is a policeman—we all there went to the outside of the meadow, and found the notes buried in one place, the spoons in another, and the sovereigns and some other articles at another.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there any reward offered? A. Yes, 10l. by the prosecutrix—I expect to get that if she pleases to give it—I did not dig the gold out myself, Hancock and Raven were with me—Pettit dug out the spoons himself.





JAMES BOWDEN
 (policeman, F 96). On 7th May, I accompanied Jecks to a ditch in Dedman's-lane—Finch pointed out the place where he said he had buried the box—I saw the top of the box swimming on the water, took it up, and found the bottom of the box at the bottom—I found a 2d.-piece, a silver knife and ring, and a mahogany box in it—about twenty yards further I picked up this purse, memorandum, licence of the house, and these papers (produced)—I was there when Pettit pointed out where the money and spoons were, and saw them dug up—the money was given up to Mrs. Clark, at the Court.





JANE CLARK

re-examined. This is my box, and the one that contained the money—these spoons and all this property is mine, and were in the box on 6th May—I have not recovered everything.





HENRY RICHARD CLARK
. I am a son of the prosecutrix. I did not give Pettit any authority to go down to the cellar, or to have my apron on.
(Finch put in a written defence, stating that Pettit asked him to carry the box, that about half a mile up Dedman's-lane he took it from him, walked twenty or



thirty yards on, took the contents out, threw the box into a ditch, and tried to sink it; that a quarter of a mile from there he gave him 3s., and told him to met him that night at the Jolly Gardeners; after he left him he saw him kicking close to the edge, but had no suspicion that any robbery had been committed, and he was intoxicated at the time.)





GEORGE WILSON
 (policeman, R 19). I produce a certificate of Finch's conviction—(read—Convicted on his own confession, July, 1847—confined one year)—I was present—he is the person.

PETTIT—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.


FINCH—



GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 45.—


Transported for Ten Years.

