




1621. 




GEORGE FENWICK
 and 




JAMES KELLY



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Sexton Smith, and stealing therein, 6 spoons, and other articles, value 4l. 10s.; his property.






ROBERT SEXTON SMITH
. I live at St. Peter's-terrace, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington, it is my dwelling-house. On 20th March I went to bed about 11 o'clock. I was the last person up—I cannot swear that the staircase window was shut, but I think it must have been—next morning I was called up about half-past six—any person could have lifted up the window from the outside, there was no fastening on it—persons could get on to an outhouse which is ten feet below the window—these articles (produced) are mine.





MARGARET HUGHES
. I am Mr. Smith's servant. I came down-stain about half-past 6 o'clock this morning—I found the window on the landing open—it was shut at half-past ten the night before—I went into the back-parlour and found the window open; I had shut it the night before—I missed a table-cover, a pair of candlesticks, four tea-spoons, four table-spoons, and a pair of sugar-tongs—these are them.





JOSEPH COLLINS
. On the morning of 21st March, about half-past 11 o'clock, I saw the prisoners together at the corner of St. Peter's-terrace—I had heard of the robbery at Mr. Smith's—I came up from the area, and saw Kelly in the road—there are some vaults for building there—I saw a bundle thrown to Kelly from a field over a fence into the road—I could not see who threw it, but Fenwick came over the fence into a field not a minute after, and they went away together—I got a constable and went after them—we got within fifteen yards of them—there was another one with them who was not taken—Fenwick had the bundle, he saw we were after him, and threw it down.

Fenwick. Q. Can you swear I am the man who threw the bundle over the palings. A. Yes; I had passed you twice before.





HENRY ROOTS
 (policeman, N 434). I was with Collins, and went after the prisoners—Fenwick was carrying a bundle, he threw it down when we got within fifteen yards of them—it contained this plate, produced—I had seen them together on the 20th with another person, in Mary-street, Islington, between a quarter and half a mile from the prosecutor's house—the staircase window is about fifteen feet from the ground.

FENWICK—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

KELLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

They were both further charged with having been before convicted: to which they pleaded



GUILTY.—



Transported for Seven Years each.



Before Mr. Justice Erle.

