



1518. 



JOHN KLEYER



, stealing 1 clock, value 27s.; the goods of 



Noah Lewis Brewster.






EDWARD WARD
. I am in the employ of Mr. Noah Lewis Brewster. I was in his shop last Monday—the prisoner came in, about 11 o'clock in the morning, to look at some brooms—this clock was on the shelf—while I was getting the brooms, the prisoner opened the door and went out—he came back again, and spoke again about the brooms—we could not agree about the price, and he went away again—he had nothing with him then—when he first came in he had a blue bag, which he laid on a case while I went to get the brooms—soon after he was gone I missed the clock—I went after him, and saw him standing in a gateway—he had no blue bag with him then—he came up to me, and spoke again about the brooms; he then walked away, and I after him; I saw a constable, and gave him in charge—no one came in the shop while he was there—I afterwards went to the gateway, and found this clock in this blue bag, in a cask that was half full of something—it is my master's property.

Prisoner. I had a blue bag under my arm, and I went and spoke to the porter; I came back again, and asked you when your master would be in, and there was a man came in after me. Witness. It is false; no man had been in the shop.





SAMUEL HAMBLING
. I am a porter. I have seen the prisoner once or twice at the White Horse—he hired me last Monday morning to carry some goods—I went with him; he told me to wait—I saw him go into Mr. Brewster's shop—he came out again, and took a blue bag, and still told me to wait—I went afterwards and searched the premises at Mr. Rook's gateway, with Ward, and found the blue bag, with the clock in it, in a cask, covered with straw—when the prisoner went into the shop the first time he had nothing—I had the bag—he came out again, and took the bag from me and went in again—I did not see him come out the second time; there was a cart in the way—I could not see him go to the gateway.

Prisoner. Q. Did I go in the shop without the bag the first time? A. Yes.





FREDERICK BATCHBLOR
 (City-policeman, 441). Ward gave the prisoner into my custody at the top of Walbrook—he told me he had a strong suspicion against him of stealing a clock, for no one had been in the shop but him—the prisoner told me he had given the blue bag to his master, who was gone to cripplegate—we made inquiries, and his master had not been there—on his Way to the old Bailey in the cab, he said to his master, "If you had not

come to have owned your bag it would have been all right, for nobody saw me take it;" and he said, "It is not your bag. "

Prisoner. I gave the bag to my master at the top of Aldgate, and my master denied that I gave it him; that bag that is now here he owned as his, but he never saw the bag in his life.





HUMPHREY STEVENSON
. I am a draper, and live in Charles—street, Hackney—road. I have known the prisoner about three years; he is a clock—maker and repairer—he lived with me three or four weeks—I could find no fault with him—I have been to two places where he had been; they speak very highly of him—he was in my service on this Monday—I sent him to Walbrook for some brooms and mats—he said to me in the cab, that if I had not owned the bag it would have been right, no one saw him take it.




GUILTY
.

The prisoner was also charged with having been before convicted, to which he pleaded



GUILTY.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
