






1896. 




JOHN M'KAY,



 RICHARD HORTON,



 RICHARD MACKAY
, and 




WILLIAM JONES



, stealing 2 purses, value 3s.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-sovereigns, and 6 shillings; the property of 



William Taylor, from the person of 



Anne Mary Winifred Taylor.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LOCKE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE SCOTT
 (City-policeman, 560.) On Saturday, 13th Sept., about

3 o'clock to a quarter-past, I was on duty at London-brige Wharf, in plain clothes—the Herne, Margate and Herne-bay boat, bad just come in, and was going to return—there were a good many people on the wharf—I saw the prisoners there, and saw Jones go and feel the outside of a lady's dress—I then saw Mackay go and feel two or three persons, Jones being at his side at the time—I then saw M'Kay go to the side of a Mrs. Taylor, the three other prisoners keeping close behind him—I then saw M'Kay leave in a hurried manner, and the other three followed him as close as they could till they got off the wharf, when they all four ran away together—I went after them up a passage leading into Thames-street, but not the same passage as they went by—in Thames-street I got the assistance of two other policemen, and Ambrook, whom I had seen on the wharf—I had then lost sight of the prisoners—we turned up Botolph-lane, and I saw M'Kay go into the White Hart—I went into the White Hart parlour, and there saw the prisoners sitting at a table, three on one side and Jones on the other—M'Kay bad got this purse (produced) in his hand, and was in the act of drawing the rings—I said to the other constables, "I want these four men"—M'Kay then bundled up the purse, and was in the act of throwing it behind him, when I caught his hand, and the purse fell on the seat by him; I took it up, and have had it ever since—when I said I wanted these four men, three of them said, "What for?"—at that moment I got the purse, and said, "For stealing this purse from a lady"—Jones said, "I do not know these men; they are entire strangers to me"—they were all then taken into custody—I knew the prisoners before—I had seen Mackay and Jones on the wharf the day before, in company with two other men, not the other prisoners; and I have seen Horton and M'Kay going by a Woolwich boat from another pier at the same wharf.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How long had you been watching the prisoners? A. About ten minutes—the lady went off by the steamer—I went next day to Margate, and found out by the collector on board the Herne who she was—M'Kay did not say he had picked the purse up—I did not see him take it—I was watching him—there was a considerable crowd on the wharf, and a rush into the boat.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You saw a great many others, as well as the four prisoners? A. Yes; it may be two months or six weeks ago that I saw Horton and M'Kay going by a Woolwich boat—it was not on a Sunday, but I do not know what day—I can tell you why I noticed them, if you wish it.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Why did you not take Mackay, if you saw him touch a lady's dress? A. I knew by letting him go for a moment I should find him again—I intended then to take him.





WILIIAM CLAYDON
 (City-policeman, 529). On 13th Sept., between 3 and 4 o'clock, I was on duty in uniform, in Lower Thames-street, and in consequence of what Scott said to me, I went with him up Botolph-lane—we went into the parlour of the White Hart, and as soon as we opened the door I saw the four prisoners sitting at a table, the three first on one side, and Jones opposite to them—Scott said, "These are the four men we want," at that moment M'Kay was in the act of opening a purse similar to this one—he then attempted to throw it on one side—Scott rushed forward to seize his hand, and the purse fell, I believe, on the seat—Jones said, "These men are strangers to me"—as we went to the station, he said they were strangers, and had gone to have a glass of ale together—after the examination at the Mansion-house, I was conveying Mackay and Jones to the Compter in a cab,


and they were talking together as to what the lady could say, if she was brought before the Magistrate—she had not then been examined—Jones said to me, "If you get the lady, what can she say?" I made no reply; and he said, "If you get her, she can't say how she lost it; the arm is too quick for the eye"—I did not speak to him at all, either before or after that.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. When you arrested them, were there other persons in the room? A. Yes; two, I think—they appeared respectable men—it was an ordinary public-house parlour-table they were sitting at, but there were no pots or glasses on it—the table was near the wall, with a bench against the wall—the table obstructed the sight of their knees—these three were sitting close together, M'Kay first—M'Kay did not say he had found the purse—all they said was, when Scott said we wanted these four, they asked what for, and Scott said, "For stealing this purse."

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Did not the Magistrate desire the money found on Horton to be given up to him? A. Yes.

MR. RYLAND. Q. What did the purse contain? A. One sovereign and two half sovereigns in a separate purse, inside the other one, and six shillings in silver—there were two or three other people in the room, but we recognized these four immediately we opened the door.





SAMUEL AMBROOK
. I am foreman to Knill and Co., of London Bridge-wharf—on 13th Sept. I was employed on this steamboat-dummy, and saw the four prisoners there—I saw Scott there—I did not know the prisoners before; but I watched them, in consequence of seeing M'Kay try a lady's dress—the other three came round the lady, one behind and the other two at the side—I cannot say exactly how they were, as there was a great mob; bat I saw them all four round the lady, and in a minute or so they all went away—I think the lady was Mrs. Taylor, who I have seen since; but I did not see her sufficiently long to swear to her—I followed the prisoners up Cox's Quay-gateway, and saw them all in conversation—I saw Scott at the top of the gateway, told him what I had seen, and I went with the policemen to the White Hart—I there saw the four prisoners, three on one side of the table, and one on the other—Scott laid hold of M'Kay, and took a pane from him—Jones said he had nothing to do with the others.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. No; the policemen did not consider I was wanted—the boat was going at half-past three, and this was a quarter past—there was a great crowd—there were a great many people about the lady, but they did not surround her as the prisoners did.





ELIZABETH RAMENT
. My husband keeps the White Hart. On the afternoon of 13th Sept. I was in the bar, and the four prisoners came running in one after the other, in a bustle—I cannot swear to any of then particularly, except M'Kay—I saw them scuffling in the passage; went to them, and they said they wanted a private room—I said, "This is the room," meaning the public parlour; and they immediately went in, and seated themselves together—some officers came immediately after, and took the same four men away.





JOHN MERRY
 (City-policeman 535). I was not examined before the Magistrate. On 13th Sept. I was on duty, in Lower Thames-street, and went with Scott and the other officer to the White Hart—I was the last to go in, and Scott said, "These are the four men I want"—Scott had then got M'Kay—they were all sitting at the table, three on one side and one on the other—I took Mackay to the station—he said he had no right to be apprehended,

as he knew nothing of the others; he merely went in to have a glass of ale.

COURT. Q. Did you see any ale before them? A. No.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. How many persons were in the room at the time of the arrest? A. The four prisoners, Scott, another policeman, myself, another man in plain clothes, and I think two strangers.





ANVE MARY WINIFRED TAYLOR
. I am the wife of William Taylor, of Herne Bay. I had been in London, and was going back on 13th Sept by the Herne, which leaves at half-past 3 o'clock—I went to the wharf to go on board—I had shortly before taken some refreshment at a French house in Gracechurch-street—I paid some money, and put my purse back into my pocket—it contained one sovereign and two half sovereigns, in a small striped bag, tied round with a piece of black silk, which was at one end of the parse; and there was some silver, I cannot say exactly how much, at the other end—there was a great crowd at the boat, and I waited—I had hold of my dress and felt my purse; but I felt a pressure on my shoulders, and was obliged to leave go of it—after the boat had started I found my purse was gone—I am quite sure it was in my pocket till I felt the pressure—I bad never taken my hand from my pocket till then—when I got home I gave information—this is my purse—I have no doubt about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. What had you in your pocket? A. I had a small book of "Wyld's Globe," and another on "Incubation;" a handkerchief, and my purse was at the bottom.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Do you mean you had kept your hand on your pocket ever since you bad left the French hotel? A. Yes; I had a shawl on with a fringe to it—I discovered my loss a quarter or half an hour after I went on board.

JURY. Q. Was your pocket sound? A. Yes, it was a new dress.

M'KAY—


GUILTY
. * Aged 18. HORTON—


GUILTY
. * Aged 22.

MACKAY—


GUILTY
** Aged 20. JONES—


GUILTY
. * 23.

Horton was further charged with having been before convicted: to which he pleaded
GUILTY.—All





Transported for Seven Years.

