




1168. 



JOHN JONES
 and 



MARY JONES



, stealing 25lbs. weight of feathers, value 25s.; the goods of 



John Moore; John Jones having been before convicted.






MARY MORRISEY
. I am servant to Mr. Moore, who keeps the Rainbow coffee-house. On Saturday, 25th May, the prisoners came and took a bed at our house—they said they dealt in silks and shawls, and represented themselves as man and wife—I made them a bed, and they spent the night and went away in the morning, at five minutes past nine o'clock—I called them out of the room—they had made the bed themselves—I went to the bed about a quarter of an hour after they left, and found half the feathers were gone out of the bed—before the prisoners left, the woman said she had made the bed because she thought I might be busy, and they said they should come back at night—she came down-stairs first, leaving the man in the bed-room—they both said they might come back at night—when I missed the feathers, I told my master—the prisoners did not come back to sleep—no one had been in the bedroom after they were gone but myself.

John Jones. We brought a bundle and a basket? Witness. Yes; you and your wife took it up-stairs—your wife asked for a little basket, to go to buy something for dinner—I did not see you go to bed—I knocked at your door—your wife came down with me—you came down in a few minutes and brought the bundle and basket—I believe you had some coffee.





THOMAS MOORE
. I keep the Rainbow, close by the Monument. I saw the prisoners come to my house—they had a basket and a large package strapped on the top—they left my house from ten minutes to a quarter of an hour after they came down-stairs—the woman came down first, the man afterwards—after they were gone I saw the bed, and half the feathers were taken from the bed and bolster.

John Jones. Q. Could I take 25lbs. of feathers away? A. I think it very likely you could—it seemed a heavy weight for you to carry—it was about ten minutes after you came down that my servant told me of this—you were not there above three or four minutes—my servant did not tell me of the loss of the feathers till after you were gone.

John Jones's Defence. On the Saturday evening we went and asked for a bad; my wife came down in the morning, and I brought the bundle and basket in my hand, and placed it in the room; after we had had our breakfast my wife settled with the landlord's daughter, and we came away; the landlord stood at the door and bid us good morning; I have dealt in feathers for some years; I buy them and sift them; the best I sell to brokers, the common ones I pawn, and as I get an order for them I get them out.





HENRY GUY
 (police-sergeant, R 14). I produce a certificate of John Jones's former conviction, at Maidstone, by the name of Michael Connor—(read—Convicted Jan., 1848, and confined three months)—he is the person.

JOHN JONES—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MARY JONES—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners, on which no evidence was offered.)
