





467. 



CORNELIUS IVES,


 SAMUEL AUSTIN
, and 



JOHN DALEY



. breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Talbot, and stealing 2 cakes and 40 biscuits, value 5s. 6d.; his goods: Austin having been before convicted.


MR. CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES HODGES
 (policeman, K 251). On 4th Feb., about half-past six in the morning, I saw the three prisoners together in High-street, Shadwell—Daley had a piece of cake under each arm; ives had a bag—I asked Austin what he had got—he said, "Nothing"—the two others were standing by at the time—I then asked Daley—he said, "Nothing," and they all ran away—I caught Ives—the bag fell from under his arm, and this cake (produced) fell from it—Austin dropped another piece of cake under an archway while I was following—with the assistance of another constable I caught him—I saw Daley about eleven the same day at Arbour-square police-court—I took hold of him and said, "You are the person that was along with these other two this morning"—he said be was not—I said I stopped him in High-street, and saw him with two pieces of cake—he said, "Well, I had two pieces of cake, and the bag was mine"—I took him—Mr. Talbot's house is about six yards from where I saw them.





EDWARD CASSIDY
 (policeman, K 238). I took one of the boys—when Austin was taken, he dropped these escutcheons, or key-hole plates (produced)—I found one of the pieces of cake in the road near High-street.





MART TALBOT
. I am the wife of Joseph Talbot, a baker, of Gravel-lane, in the parish of Shadwell—I fastened the house up when I went to bed on Sunday night—there is a wooden partition which fastens up with a rope, separating the shop from the stairs—I fastened that up myself, and the door was locked—on Monday morning, between seven and eight, I came down and found the partition let down into the passage, and these two cakes and several small ones, and the plates, were gone—I know these—they are my

husband's property—I made them on the Saturday evening—my husband lives in the house, and is the master of it—there is a communication between the shop and house without going out of doors.





GEORGE ROGERS
 (policeman, K 182). I produce a certificate of Austin's conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted July, 1849, and confined Six Months)—I was present—he is the person.

IVES—


GUILTY
.*

AUSTIN—


GUILTY
.*

DALEY—


GUILTY
.**






Transported for Seven Years.

