



437. 




HENRY FROST



. burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Mary Burford, with intent to steal.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY BURFORD
. I keep the Green Man public-house, in the parish of Leyton, in Essex. On 20th March, from 20 minutes to half-past 2 o'clock in the morning, I was awoke by my servant—(I had gone to bed at 11 the night before)—I got up, and opened my bedroom window—it looks into a yard at the back of my house—I saw a man run along the yard—I called out to know what he wanted—he made no answer, but went to the bottom of the yard, and got over the pales, into a lane which leads into Epping Forest—I cannot speak to the person of the man; it was very dark—I rang the bell, and Squires, my potman, came down—we searched all the first floor of the house—we did not go down stairs—we found nothing wrong on the first floor—I went to bed again, and Squires went to bed—my servant called me in the morning, and I went into the back kitchen, about 10 minutes before six—that is under my bedroom—I found a window looking into the yard open—it had been pushed up from the bottom—there are five shutters outside that window, which are kept in their place by a bolt and a fastening inside—the middle shutter had been taken down—a piece of wood had been broken

away from the groove at the bottom that the shutters drop into, which, being removed, would enable a person to take the shutters down—without that bit being broken from the bottom there would have been no means of getting the hand under—the shutter that was removed was not the one through which the bolt passed—there is a scullery door by the side of the kitchen window—you have to go through the kitchen to the scullery; and from the scullery is a door which opens into the same yard into which the kitchen window looks—that door was wide open when I came down—I did not find that anything had been taken away—I had gone round the house at 11 o'clock the night before, as I always do before I go to bed—I was the last person up—I had left that window shut down, the shutters up, and the scullery door locked, and bolted with two bolts, and the key was turned in the lock.

COURT. Q. Was anything displaced? A. They had taken three flower-pots from the kitchen window, and put them out of doors, into the yard, under the window, and a large bason and flower-pan had been moved—they were on the dresser in the kitchen overnight, and they had been put into the yard—from the kitchen persons could get into the rest of the house—there was a door, but it was not locked—there was no valuable property in the kitchen; no silver spoons—there was crockery, but it was not disturbed—there was no food in the kitchen, but a leg of pork, which hung up, not within reach.





THOMAS SQUIRES
. I am potman at the Green Man. On the morning of 20th March my mistress rang her bell—I searched the first-floor—I got up about a quarter after six o'clock in the morning—I went down stairs into the back kitchen—I was the first up—I found the window of the back kitchen wide open, and one shutter was taken down and set on one side in the yard—there had been some flower-pots placed inside the window, and they were set out in the yard—there were marks in the window-shutter as if some instrument had been prising it—there was nothing broken off the shutter, but there was off the slide the shutters go in—the shutters go in a groove, and a piece of wood had been taken off the outside of the groove—it was a piece that had been let in before, and this bit of wood was left on the board where I put my pots—this being removed, would enable any one to take down one of the shutters—I informed the policeman of it—I found the scullery-door wide open—I know the prisoner—I had seen him on 19th March, from four till half-past five in the afternoon—he was on the other side of the road, about twenty yards away from our house—he was walking up and down and round the house—I have no doubt at all that he is the man I saw.

COURT. Q. Did you see anything else in the yard? A. Yes, a bason on the step of the scullery-door, and a brown pan on the step of the door, by the side of it—the pan had a small quantity of flour in it.

Prisoner. Q. Do you remember coming to the prison to me, they told you I was dressed differently to what I was, and you said, "I know you by the billy coat?" Witness. A. No; before I went in I told them I knew the man—I gave a description of his dress, and they told me they had got such a man locked up—I went in, and said he was the man—his whiskers had been shaved off, and his hair cut.

COURT. Q. In spite of the change of his hair and whiskers, are you sure he is the man? A. Yes; he was in the prison dress—I asked to see him in his own clothes, and the gaol-keeper said it was not necessary.

MR. CAARTEEN. Q. Was any communication made to the police of this house being broken open? A. Yes; I described the prisoner to the police about ten o'clock on the 20th March.






JOHN RETFORD
 (policeman, K 235). On the morning of 20th March, I was on duty near Leytonstone Forest, which leads from the Green Man at Waltham, on the main road—Mrs. Barford's is exactly the corner house that joins the Forest—the front fronts the road—there is no yard in front of the house—about twenty minutes past 2 o'clock that morning I was coming up towards the Green Man, and saw a man running a distance off, but not near enough to describe him—it was not the prisoner—he was going the straight road to Wanstead, not towards me—that man went away—I continued on in the direction of the Green Man, and in one or two minutes afterwards, within about eighty yards of the Green Man, I met the prisoner—he was coming from towards the Green Man—he was walking—I saw him a considerable distance before he came to me—he was within twenty yards of the Green Man when I first saw him—when I met him, I stepped in front and turned my light on him—I said, "Halloo, young man, where are you going?"—"To Wanstead," he said, "have you seen my mate come down this road?"—(there are two roads to Wanstead—the other man was running one road, and the prisoner was coming the other)—I said, "No, there is no mate come down this road; what sort of a mate is it?"—he said, "A working man like myself"—I said, "There is no man come this way, but I saw a person running down that road two or three minutes ago"—the prisoner then started across the green towards that road—it is about thirty yards across the corner, from one road to the other—he went away from me eighteen or twenty yards, and I was following him across the green to see whether be came in contact with the other man—he turned and saw me, and he took to running—he ran a few yards, and he turned and got into the bushes, and I lost him—I searched the bushes, and the way that I thought he turned was the way I ought to have gone—I went on, and searched down by Assembly-row, there I heard some one coming—I found it was the same man—that was about half a mile farther down the Forest—I had directed him on the road to Wanstead, and seeing him go in an opposite direction, I went after him—he got amongst the tries, and I lost sight of him there again—I did not succeed in finding him—I saw him again on Sunday, 21st, in Ilford Gaol—I heard there was a man there, and I went—I recognized him in Ilford Gaol as the man I had seen in the Forest—I am quite positive he is the man I met that morning.

COURT. Q. Did you see his face? A. Only sideways—he had whiskers which went round his face.





EDWARD ARMITAGE
 (policeman, N 80). On Saturday morning, 20th March, I was on duty near the Rose and Crown, at Leyton, at a quarter before 3 o'clock—that is about a mile and a quarter from Mrs. Burford's—I saw the prisoner coming down James'-lane at a very quick pace, in a direction from Leytonstone, in a direction from Mrs. Burford's—I stepped up to him and walked by his side for a short distance—I asked where he came from; he said from London, and he had been to a village just below—I walked with him as far as Mr. Masterman's park, about 200 yards from where I first saw him—I observed he had got something in his pocket—I asked him what he had in his pocket—he said, "I will show you," and he immediately struck me a violent blow over the head with this instrument, which knocked me down—I saw the instrument at the time; this is it, (producing a large crowbar)—I saw he took it from his pocket—he then jumped over into the park and ran away—I got up and endeavoured to follow him, but was unable from the effects of the blow—it was just under my hat, and above the ear—it made a wound; it slit the back of my ear—there is a scar now—I afterwards saw sergeant Archibald; he is the

station-house sergeant at Hackney—he was mounted—he came to me in about three quarters of an hour after I received the blow—I gave him a description of the man, and he went in pursuit of him—I was at the Walthamstow station at 7 that morning, and the prisoner was brought in—I saw him there and identified him as the person who struck me—I had not the least doubt of it—he had whiskers on—at that time I had not heard of this burglary—he was taken before the Magistrate at Ilford and charged with this assault on me—about 3 the same afternoon I heard of the burglary—I afterwards went to Mrs. Burford's and examined her premises—I took this crowbar with me—I saw five shutters there; there were marks on the shutters and on the window-ledge—I found this piece of wood (looking at it) was wanting—it was shown to me—I found five marks; four with this chisel-end of this crowbar, and one with this other end of it—I saw this crowbar compared by Monaghan—there were seven or eight marks altogether, but four or five very distinct—there is a small piece broken off the chisel-end of this crowbar, which was to be seen in the wood—the marks are not on this piece of wood—they were on the window-cill, on the ledge where this piece of wood was wrenched off.

Prisoner. When I went to the station they booked the charge before this chisel was found; he said he did not know what it was he was struck with. Witness. The sergeant asked me if I was struck with wood; I said no, I was sure it was iron, and this crowbar was found about 7 in the park, just where the prisoner jumped over—there is a large tree inside the park, just where be jumped over, about thirty yards from the commencement of the park.





WILLIAM MONAGHAN
 (police-sergeant N 38). On the morning of 20th March I went to search Mr. Masterman's park—I got there about a quarter before 8 o'clock; I found this crowbar in the park about seven or eight yards from the fence—I know where the park begins, in front of Mr. Masterman's house, on the Leytonstone-road, about 200 yards from James'-lane—where I found this bar was about fifty yards from the commencement of the palings, and about seven or eight yards inside the palings—there are several large trees there—I afterwards went to Mrs. Burford's; I took this crowbar with me—I was shown a ledge outside the kitchen window—I found marks on the ledge; they fitted in four places with the chisel end of this bar, and in one place with the claw end—this piece of wood was given me, and by placing this where it was taken from I found the claw fitted the corner of it.





JOSEPH ARCHIBALD
 (police-sergeant, V 17). I was station house sergeant at Hackney; I go round on horseback to visit the exterior stations. On the morning of 20th March I met Armitage coming from Leyton to Walthamstow from the direction of James's-lane—he made a statement to me—his ear was bleeding; this was a little before 4 o'clock—he gave me a description of a person, and in consequence of that I went in search of a person—I went along the Lea-bridge-road, and communicated with the various officers I met with—the prisoner was brought to the Hackney station about 5 o'clock by an officer who is not here—he was sent to Walthamstow station.

Prisoner. I had three months, and they came in to look at me; I know nothing about the robbery.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Baron Martin.

