



1107. 




JAMES HAYES
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Elizabeth Hayes—he was also charged on the Coroner's Inquisition with the like offence.


MESSRS. RIBTON
and
GIFFARD
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN RYMELL
. I am the wife of James Rymell, of No. 17, Shepherd's-bush-market. I know the prisoner by sight, and I knew his wife by sight—on Saturday evening, 10th Sept. last, I was at the Stuart's Arms public house, between half past 10 and 11 o'clock—I saw the prisoner there—I said to him, " There stands your wife"—his wife was close by him—he turned round, and said, "And that will be the last time"—I passed on, without saying a word, to my own home—I believe she was perfectly sober, from her appearance—the prisoner did not appear as if he was much in liquor.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Were you going home at this time? A. Yes; I was not walking rapidly past; I was standing there, talking to other persons.

Q. What called your attention to Hayes and his wife in particular? A. I

saw him standing there, and his wife, and I did not think that he saw his wife there, and I merely said those words to him, and that was how he answered mi—his wife was about five yards from him—I did not know anything of them previously—I did not know upon what terms they were living—I was talking to other persons there—my husband was there—as soon as the prisoner said this I passed on—the words he made use of were not, "I don't care if it is the last time"—he said the words I have told you—I cannot lay when I first told any one about the words he used; when he was taken, I believe—I was not at the inquest; I attended before the Magistrate; policeman procured my attendance there—I did not see these persons more than just a moment—I had not a sufficient opportunity to say whether the woman was sober or not—I did not see the prisoner go up to her, or see her go up to him and enter into conversation; it was the work of a moment.

MR. GIFFARD. Q. How soon was your attention called to this matter after the Saturday night; when did you first hear of it? A. On the Sunday evening; my attention was then called to what I bad seen on the Saturday evening.





THOMAS TAYLOR
. I work at the Brickfields. I know the prisoner—I have seen his wife: I knew her by sight—on Saturday night, 10th Sept, about half past 11 o'clock, I was standing with the witness, George, near the Stuart's Arms—the prisoner and his wife were standing, looking in the shop window, in Shepherd's-market when I first saw them—I heard the woman ask the prisoner to go home—he up with his fist and knocked her down—the blow was about the body, but I could not say whereabouts—she got up, and he knocked her down a second time—she then ran behind me and George for protection—I told her to get away, as I thought perhaps her husband might think I was harbouring her—I saw him kick at her, and he said he would kick her b—brains out; and when she was running away, be said, "I will do for you;" that was when she was running away from behind me—she ran towards Mrs. Steele's, the Queen's Arms—I did not see anything more of them that night—there were a few people in the market; there might be twenty or thirty, or perhaps more; I cannot say the number exactly.

Cross-examined Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. I dare say five years—he is a bricklayer's labourer—there are brickfields in the immediate neighbourhood of Shepherd's-bush—there are not many Irish brickmakers—the brickmakers are generally called brickeys—a great number of persons are employed there in the brickfield—I had not known the deceased for any length of time—I knew her when she used to bring his dinner—that may be two years ago, I dare say—I dare say I have known her for two years—I have never seen her in liquor—I only knew her by sight, no further than bringing his dinner.

Q. You say she ran behind you and George, and you did not protect her; why was it that you did not protect her? A. The Irish and English people are not always on the best of terms, and I did not wish to interfere—there were a good many people there.

COURT. Q. Then you did not interfere because of the Irish people; is that so? A. Yes.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. I am afraid it is a very quarrelsome neighbourhood? A. At times it is—they are not only the brickeys that quarrel, but the bricklayers' labourers as well—there were a great many Irish labourers among the crowd that was there.

COURT. Q. And brickeys also? A. Yes; the brickeys are not Irish—I

do not know one that is an Irishman—the labourers are Irish, and the brickeys English.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. How long were Hayes and his wife standing outside this shop before you saw the act of violence committed? A. Not two minutes—they were both looking into the shop—they were standing close to each other, close enough for him to reach her with his fist—they were not both standing together looking into the shop, they were both looking, but not as if they were on good terms with each other—one was at one end and one at the other, about half the distance of the window—it was a bonnet and cap shop, not a grocer's—there is a grocer's on this side of it.

COURT. Q. How long were they in your sight altogether? A. Not a quarter of an hour; it might have been that at the outside—George was with me all the time.

EDWARDGEORGE. I am a brickmaker. I have known the prisoner about five years, and his wife about eighteen months, or from that to twenty—on Saturday night, 10th Sept., I was in Shepherd's-bush market with Taylor, near the Stuart's Arms—I saw the prisoner and his wife together—I saw him knock his wife down—she got up, and he knocked her on to the ground again—she got up a second time, and walked behind Taylor and me—we were about six or seven yards from the spot where she was knocked down—the prisoner came behind me and Taylor for his wife, and she walked away from us, and they went away together, Hayes saying that he would kick her b—y brains out—I saw him kick at her, but I cannot say whether he kicked her or no; it was while he was kicking at her that he said those words—she then went away towards Mrs. Steele's—I did not see her go that way, but Taylor did—I could not say whether they went away separately or together after he said he would kick her brains out—I saw them again a few minutes after, I should say it might be ten minutes, walking gently up the market, Mrs. Hayes before him—he might be fourteen or fifteen yards after her, following after her—that was all I saw of them—she appeared perfectly sober that night.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it because you were afraid of the Irish people that were there that you did not interfere to protect this woman? A. No, it was not on that account; but I did not think any other violence would occur afterwards—this took place in the street—there were about six or seven persons in the street at the time, most of them females—they were close to Mrs. Hayes—there were several Irish bricklayers standing on the path.

COURT. Q. Then what did you mean by saying there were but six or seven persons in the street? A. Six or seven stood along with me and Taylor—they were mostly females—some of them were Irish—they were standing at a distance from us, near the doctor's shop—a few yards off, standing round.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. You have been examined twice, have you not, before the Coroner, and before the Magistrate? A. Yes—there was a bit of a row in the street that night—I bad not anything to do with it, nor had Taylor—Taylor was locked up that night, by his wife having her things knocked about—the row in the street was a few minutes before this—Taylor was locked up all night by the police.

Q. Was not the reason why you did not attempt to protect this woman because you were afraid of the people who were engaged in the row? A. Yes; they had not been quarrelling with Mrs. Hayes in my sight.

Q. Had not Mrs. Hayes been engaged in the row that night, and was not that the reason why you were afraid to protect her when her husband struck her, for fear of the Irish? A. Certainly it was.

COURT. Q. You say that Mrs. Hayes had been in the row? A. No, the

reason I was afraid to protect her was for fear of the Irish, not because I believed she had been in the row with them—I could not say whether she had been in the row—I did not believe she had.

MR. RIBTON. Q. At the time you saw the prisoner knock his wife down, was there any row? A. No, there was not—the row occurred before that—Taylor was locked up because of his wife's things being knocked out of her lap into the street.





THOMAS TAYLOR

re-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. I was locked up that night—that was some time after this occurrence—the Irish row was in the same street where Hayes struck his wife, and a few minutes before it—I never saw Hayes nor yet his wife at the time the row was—it was a good bit after the row, to the best of my recollection, when I saw Hayes hit his wife—I was not in the row at all—I had nothing to do with it—I was in the street—I did not see it, I only heard of it—I was in the street at the same time—I was locked up that night through my wife's things being knocked over on to the pavement—they were knocked over by some drunken men; who they were I do not know—I went and interfered with it when I saw them—the police took me into custody because I was there, and would not come off until I had picked up my things.

COURT
Q. How long was that after you saw Hayes knock his wife down? A. I should think three quarters of an hour.

MR. RIBTON. Q. Did you interfere to protect your wife? A. Yes, and to pick up my property, what I had bought at the shop—it was grocery—I was taken before the Magistrate on the Monday, and they acquitted me directly.





EMILY SHIRLEY
. I am the wife of George Shirley, of No. 3, Back-gardens, Shepherd's-bush. On Saturday evening, 10th Sept., I was coming home between 10 and 11 o'clock, and saw the prisoner in the market—I had known him before—I saw him knock a woman down—she got up again, and went down the market—I did not see any more of her then—I stopped with my husband at the top of the maket—about an hour and a half afterwards, as I was going home, I saw the woman again—that was near 1 o'clock, about half past 12 o'clock I should think it was—it was the same woman I had seen knocked down by the prisoner—she was going round by the Royal Hotel, down the island—there is a place called Robinson's-gate at the end of the island—the Royal Hotel and Robinson's-gate are on opposite sides of the road—the island does not run out of the turnpike road, it runs alongside the market—the Royal Hotel is at the corner of the island, nearer the turnpike road—the island is also called Shepherd's-bush Back-gardens—you go down the island in order to get to Robinson's-gate—when I got past the Royal Hotel the woman and I came together to Robinson's-gate, and just past the gate I saw the prisoner standing.

COURT. Q. Does the gate lead from the island into the market? A. It stands in the middle of the island, about three parts of the way down—you do not go through it into the market, you pass it—it leads into a large carpenter's yard.

MR. GIFFARD. Q. The yard is at the back of the houses in the market, I believe? A. Yes—when I got up to the gate the prisoner turned round, as if he was coming up the island again—the woman turned round to follow him—the woman and I were on the Royal Hotel side of the gate—when the prisoner got about the middle of the gate he stopped, and took the woman's head, and rammed it against the rails of the gate with both his hands, and he said, "Take that, you b—w—! I will do for you soon"—I then went

indoors, and saw no more of them—the woman appeared perfectly sober—she had on a plaid shawl and a dark brown bonnet, trimmed with plaid ribbon (the policeman Searle here produced a bonnet and shawl)—these are the same the woman had on—there was a gas light at the corner of the hotel—the woman and I passed that corner together—I did not look at her dress, I looked at the bonnet and shawl.

Cross-examined, Q. I should like to know a little more particularly about the exact hour at which this occurrence took place? A. The first time I saw them was between 10 and 11 o'clock; that was in the market—there were not many persons there at the time; it must have been about that time—I am not speaking from what the policeman said afterwards—I had no watch—I am sure it was not between 11 and 12 o'clock, because it was about twenty minutes past 10 o'clock when I was in the grocer's shop getting my things, I looked at the clock in the grocer's shop—I was out with my husband; he was not with me on the second occasion when I saw the woman; I had just left him in the public house—I had been in the public house with him—I was not tipsy; I had had some beer, nothing else—I did not look at the clock there before I left; it was the Royal Hotel—I had been in there about an hour—I went straight home after this occurrence; it was close to my own house—it was while I was walking with the woman that Hayes appeared in sight, standing against Robinson's-gate—she went up to him; he walked away, and she followed him—he had got about half the length of this court before he laid hold of her head—I could not hear anything pass between them before he did that—I did not hear any word spoken at all till I saw him take bold of her—I had never seen the woman before that night—I have not seen the body of the deceased—I did not see her next morning while she was alive—except from the bonnet and shawl, I have no means of saying who she was—to the best of my belief this bonnet and shawl were on that woman that night; I have no other means of knowing that it was the prisoner's wife—it was a very dark night, and very foggy—the place against which he pushed the woman's head was wood—they were flat rails—he pushed the woman against them with very considerable force; as hard as he could several times—I should think it could not but have injured her head—I could see the prisoner's features—I was not fifty yards from the gas light—there is a sweep's in the middle, and their lamp was alight—when I saw him he was about three parts of the way down the island—he was about as far from the gas light as I am from the wall of the court—there were no other people about—there were a great number of men and women in the hotel where I left my husband—the men were brickeys—after Hayes inflicted the violence on the woman, she walked up the island, went in doors, and I saw no more of her—that was after her head had been pushed against the rails—that was the last I saw of her—I do not know what became of the man—I went into my own house.

MR. GIFFARD. Q. What time does the public house close on a Saturday night? A. Twelve o'clock—it had not closed when I left it—I was out buying grocery that night, between 10 and 11 o'clock, and I had the grocery with me when I was going back through the island, and saw the prisoner knock the woman down—I was taking it home, and except during the time I was taking it home, I was with my husband all the evening—there was about half an hour between my leaving the Royal Hotel and the time I saw this transaction take place—I left my husband in the public house, and when I returned the public house was closed—I saw this matter happen as I was returning from the public house the last time—the

sweep's gas light is nearly opposite Robinson's-gate—the road is just wide enough for a horse and cart to go down—when the prisoner did what I have described, he was just across the road, just opposite the gate;—I knew him before; I have no doubt he is the roan.

COURT. Q. When they close the public house, do they turn the people out, or do they let them stay? A. They all go out.





JOHN SEARLE
 (policeman, T 69). My beat is at Shepherd's-bush, in the parish of Hammersmith. On Sunday evening, 11th Sept., I was on duty at the top of Shepherd's-bush market, near the Royal Hotel, about 20 minutes past 1 o'clock—there are some unfinished buildings at the other side of the turnpike-road—I heard a scrambling across the road—I could not see, as it was very foggy, and thinking that it was a brother constable, I crossed over—there are some railings which separate the ground where the buildings are from the road—I waited about two minutes, heard no further sound, and then stooped under the railings—I walked ten or twelve yards further on the building ground, with my light turned on, listened for a moment, but did not hear any thing—when I had gone about twenty-eight yards inside the railings, I saw the prisoner standing in front of me—it was a very dense fog, and I could not see two yards from me—I was standing close to the prisoner when I saw him—I asked him what he did there—he said, "What the b—h—is that to do with you?"—he appeared in a very trembling state—he appeared stupefied, and I thought he was under the influence of drink—I told him he had better follow me into the road, thinking he had lost himself; and I went three or four yards, thinking he was following me; but he did not—I went back again, and found him nearly in the same spot, but about six yards nearer to the spot where the deceased was afterwards found—I requested him to come away, and told him if he did not choose to do so, I should be compelled to take him up—he said it was all right; he had stepped off the road, it being foggy, and bad lost himself—he remained in the position in which he was two or three minutes, and then unbuttoned his trowsers, and gazed on the spot which has since been pointed out to me—I turned myself round, and stood by the side of him for about a couple of minutes, and then told him again, if he did not follow me, I should be compelled to lock him up, as he had no business there whatever—he followed me into the road, after stooping under the rail, and then said to me, u I thought I knew you"—I said, "You don't know roe, and I don't know you; by that means go away"—his reply was, "If you don't know roe, J wonder at your speaking to such a character as I am"—after that he went away, and I followed him to Norland turnpike-gate, about twenty yards from there, in the direction of Shepherd's-bush; that was all I saw of him that night—I then went back to the spot we had come out from, and remained there some time; but he did not return, as 1 thought he might.

Cross-examined. Q. This place is separated from the the road by a railing which runs parallel with the road? A. Yes; there is a footpath before you get to the railing—the place is an excavation for building—perhaps there are three houses built—the excavation is for foundations—when you get under the rails you pass three houses in shell first, which is twenty-eight or thirty yards, and then you can descend a little into the excavation—there is a slope there, but very little—I did not go down; I descended a little—the excavation adjoins the houses, and the rail is to prevent people from going in; but there are from twenty-eight to thirty yards to go before they would fall into the excavation—they are wooden rails—I got under them—it is very nearly half the distance more than the length of this Court from the road to the excavation—the railing does not go in a line with the houses which are in shell—the houses turn off from the road—the rail does not go to

the excavation, bat it prevents persons from walking off the road into the excavation—it extends the whole of the way along the road, with the excep
tion of about three feet at each end—the whole of it is about sixty yards—in the excavation, just under the perpendicular wall which forms the cellars, there are two or three brickbats—the excavation has been there about two years, or it might be rather more; I cannot say exactly—the perpendicular wall on side, forming the cellars, is about five feet from the surface to the bottom; and right under there is where the brickbats are—the man whom I saw that night 1 say is the prisoner—I might have seen him before—I did not know him by sight—I did not see him again till he was in custody; that was on Sunday evening—on the night in question he walked very well—he was not very much intoxicated—I thought he was labouring under the influence of drink—he appeared stupefied, trembling and sighing very much—the night was so foggy I could not see two yards before me—it had been so for two hours before.

MR. RIBTON. Q. How many carcasses of houses are there built? A. Three—the corner house faces the road, the other houses do not—there is to be a road formed-there—the corner house is about ten yards from the road, across the foot path and all, but from the railing it is not above five or six yards—the ground behind the other houses presents nearly the same surface as the road—the road is not formed yet—I have no doubt whatever the prisoner is the man—I was in his company five minutes at the least, and I took particular notice of him—I saw him in custody on the next Sunday night, and identified him—I attributed his being in that trembling and sighing state to the influence of drink, but he walked away very well, without staggering, and he spoke very well to me, with the exception of sighing.

COURT. Q. When, you saw the prisoner on Sunday night at the station house, did you see him singly, or was he with other persons t A. He was with one other prisoner, a man thirty or thirty-five years of age—the prisoner was lying on his back, with his hands behind his head—I was not aware at the time that he was in custody.





RICHARD KENNETT
. I am carter to William Scott, and live at No. 10, Clifton-street. On Sunday morning, 11th Sept., I was going to my work, at a few minutes past 6 o'clock, and in consequence of something I heard, I went into the building ground, and found a woman lying down in the excavation, which is about nearly as far again from the railing, as I am from the wall of this Court—she was lying on her stomach and face, and her shawl was turned over her head—she had a bonnet on—the shawl was not muffled round her head—I pulled her over on her back, and unpinned her bonnet strings—she was alive, but senseless—her right eye was very much blackened, and also the corner of her mouth—the eye was swollen—when I pulled her over she vomited—she appeared to have been nearly strangled—I asked some men who were standing by if they would fetch a policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not her shawl pinned round her neck? A. It was pinned a little distance off her neck, but it had got pushed up, and somehow or other it was turned over her head.

COURT. Q. Did you observe whether the vomiting smelt of liquor? A. I did not take notice.





JAMES STARLING
. On Sunday morning, 11th Sept., I was going on duty at Shepherd's Bush, and in consequence of something I heard I went to these buildings, and found a woman lying on her side, vomiting—she appeared to be insensible—it was then about a quarter past 6 o'clock—I did

not see Kennett there—her right eye was very much swelled, and her right jaw—I had her taken on a stretcher to the station, and I went for a doctor—on Sunday evening, the 11th, about 7 o'clock, I assisted Rogers another constable, in apprehending the prisoner—he asked Rogers what he wanted him for—Rogers told him it was respecting his wife—he said if his wife liked to get drunk, and knock herself about with a brick, he could not help it—I pointed out to Searle the spot where I found the woman—it was at the end of some unfinished buildings, opposite to the Royal Hotel, outside the buildings in the excavation—her head was about twelve or thirteen feet from the perpendicular part of the brick work—from the surface to the bottom of the excavation is about five feet deep.

Cross-examined. Q. Was she lying on her right side when you found her? A. Yes; to the best of my recollection—the prisoner's words were, "If my wife likes to get drunk, which she will do, and knock herself about with a brick, I cannot help it"—he did not say, "If my wife likes to get drunk, as she will do, and allow herself to be knocked by brickeys, I cannot help it."





HENRY ROGERS
 (policeman, T 13). On Sunday, 11th Sept., I apprehended the prisoner at the Norland Arms public house, Notting-hill—he asked me what I wanted with him—I told him it was respecting his wife—he asked me if she was dead, and I told him yes—he said, "If she likes to get drunk, and knock herself about with a brick, that has nothing to do with me"—he said he had not seen her since 9 o'clock the night before—that would be Saturday.

Cross-examined. Q. You know what the meaning of the word" brickeys" is in that neighbourhood? A. Yes; brick makers—the prisoner did not say, "If she likes to get drunk, and allow herself to be knocked about by brickeys"—I adhere to my original statement, that he said "with a brick."





EDMUND LINES
. I am a labourer. I knew the deceased, I married her sister—on Sunday, 11th Sept., in consequence of something I heard I went to the prisoner about 3 o'clock, and saw him standing against the Queen's Arms—I asked him if he bad heard anything about his wife—he said, "I heard a little about it, but, thank God! I did not do it"—I told him she was at the station house very bad, and that nobody would be let to see her, only her sister or husband—I met him again about an hour afterwards, and he asked me if she was dead—I said, "No, I have not been at home since"—I said I had been at another place—he said, u Success to the be brickeys that done her at last, I would not wish to hurt a hair of her head"—he has not been living with her for about two years, and when they lived together, they lived in Earl-street.

Cross-examined. Q. When had you seen the deceased previously? A. I saw her on the Saturday evening; we had a little to drink in a public house—William Linch and Michael Hayes were there—Linch is a neighbour of mine—the deceased did not go into the public house with us—she was standing outside the door when I met her, talking to her husband and Michael Hayes—it was then about 6 o'clock, by the public house o'clock—this was the Prince of Wales public house, which is about a quarter of a mile from the Royal Hotel—I was not in the Prince of Wales five minutes—I went away, leaving the deceased, her husband, and Michael Hayes, standing at the bar—during the five minutes that I was there, I ordered half a pint of gin—the deceased drank part of it—Linch then ordered another half pint of gin—the deceased took the decanter, and poured out the first half pint into glasses—I ordered that, but Linch paid for it—that was soon disposed of

and then I ordered another half pint, and paid for it—I do not know whether the deceased partook of the second half pint—the first half pint was taken between the four of us—the prisoner drank a portion of it—the four persons were the deceased, the prisoner, Michael Hayes, and myself—the deceased poured out the second half pint, as she had done the first, and I left her in the public house with the other two persons—Linch is a bricklayers labourer, and I believe Michael Hayes is a labourer too—I do not know whether he is a relation of the prisoner—I never knew him before that night—the deceased and her husband appeared on very good terms—there was not the slightest quarrel between them.

MR. RIBTON. Q. You say four persons shared in the first half pint? A. Yes; and I believe the same persons shared in the second, but there is a regular thoroughfare through the public house, and I think the deceased gave two women a share of it—Linch had not a share of it—he did not drink any—I was not there above five minutes.





JOHANNAH LINES
. I am the wife of the last witness, and the sister of the deceased. On Sunday, 11th Sept., a policeman came and fetched me to the station—I saw my sister there in a very bad state—I scarcely knew her—she was knocked about, bruised, and disfigured, and had a black eye—she was not sensible—she was removed from the station to my house at 5 o'clock in the afternoon, and I continued to attend her till her death, which was at a quarter to 6 o'clock on Sunday afternoon—she never spoke—this is her bonnet and shawl (produced)—I have seen her wear them—the wore them in my own house on the Wednesday before the murder happened.





JAMES STARLING

re-examined. This is the bonnet and shawl that I found on the woman.





JOHN BROWN
. I am a surgeon. On Sunday morning, 11th Sept., at 7 o'clock, I was sent for to the station house, and found a female very ill, totally insensible—she was very much bruised about the face—her right eye was swollen very much from a blow, and was very livid—there was also a severe bruise on the lower jaw—the left side of her face was as if she bad been struck with some gravel, as if it had been sliped down with gravel—by "sliped down" I mean, that it was as if she had been dragged over some gravel—I saw her again at 10 o'clock—she was then in a more sinking state, and totally insensible—5 o'clock was the last time I saw her alive—on the Monday week afterwards I made a post mortem examination—on opening the head, there was a great effusion of blood on the substance of the brain, underneath the second covering, and also in both ventricles of the brain—there was about two drachms in one ventricle, and a few ounces in the other—the other organs of the body were generally healthy, except the heart, which was very flabby, and had thin walls—I have no doubt that death was caused by the quantity of blood effused on, and in, the ventricles of the brain—a blow or blows would be likely to produce that.

Cross-examined. Q. I understand you to say that the immediate cause of the death of the deceased was the effusion of blood on and in the brain? A. It would gradually produce death—I attribute death to that state of the parts which I discovered—I say decidedly that that effusion of blood may have been caused by a blow or blows—a fall might do it, too—it must be a very great degree of excitement indeed to do it—I never met with a case in which it has been done by a high degree of intoxication—in that case it is doubtful if you would have blood in the ventricles—I think you would not, but you would if the concussion was caused by a blow or a fall—I made a careful post mortem examination, particularly of the brain—I made an incision into the brain—

the small vessels which ramify the brain were not in a congested state—the substance of the brain was free from any effusion.

Q. If a body is examined a day or two after death, do not you find that part which is next to the substance on which it was lying gorgedswith blood? A. The skin is; a portion of the blood follows the laws of gravitation, and goes to the lowest part—it would depend on the state of the weather whether I should find structural change in a body after the lapse of a week after death—in the present case, I think it made no difference—I should prefer making the examination within two days, of course—I examined the meningeal artery—it was in a sound state—no portion of the brain was lacerated—the chief source of effusion of blood, in cases of fulness in the brain, is not caused at all times by a rupture of the meningeal artery.

Q. Is this statement correct of Professor Taylor: "The chief source of the effusion of blood to the head arises from a rupture of the meningeal artery, and this may occur from the mere shock or concussion, with or without a fracture of its bony canal?" A. I believe it is; concussion of the brain, and effusion of blood, may be occasioned in the brain without any marks of external violence—the most severe bruises I discovered were on the right eye and the right jaw—what I have stated was, that there was great effusion on, not in, the substance of the brain.

Q. Do you coincide with this remark of Professor Taylor, "When the marks of violence are slight, a witness must exercise great caution before be alleges that the extravasation was produced by a blow, especially when it ii found that the deceased was of intemperate habits?" A. Yes, I consider that is correct, scientifically speaking.

Q. Can you give your assent to this: "If a man, excited by passion and intoxication, is struck on the head, and the blow is very slight, such as an unaffected person would have sustained without injury; yet, if insensibility and death follow, and on examination a quantity of blood is found extravasated in the substance of the brain, can it be a matter of doubt with the practitioner that the extravasation was chiefly due to the excitement under which the deceased was labouring?" A. I should think that would be the case, generally speaking—I think a blow on the eye, to produce the effect which was produced, would be quite sufficient to cause effusion of blood into the brain—it must knock a person down.

Q. In the case of a person falling, in a state of intoxication, and being previously much excited, might not concussion and effusion have been the result, independently of any blow? A. I should rather doubt it myself—if a person fell a distance of four or five feet, having been previously drinking and in an excited state, I think there would be external marks to corroborate it—I have known cases of concussion and effusion, and death supervening, without any external mark—I have even known fracture of the skull without external marks.

COURT. Q. You say, supposing a person to fall five or six feet, who was in a state of excitement from liquor, that the mere fall would not account for it? A. Not for the quantity of blood which I found in the ventricles.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. Do you dissent from this opinion of Dr. Taylor, that extravasation may occur from violence, with or without fracture, and it may take place without any external marks of injury to the head? A. Extravasation might, but that would be in a different place—this was in the ventricles as well.

MR. RIBTON. Q. You said the small vessels which ramify through the brain were not in a congested state; if the person had been in a drunken

state, would they have been congested? A. I should think they would have been fuller than they were—I saw the woman at 7 o'clock on Sunday morning—she did not vomit at the station, but there was some food just inside her mouth—I am not able to say whether she had or had not been drinking.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. You examined the heart, and you say that the walls of it were flabby; do you mean the auricles or the ventricles? A. The ventricles—they were thinner.

COURT. Q. Do I understand you to say there were, or were not, any appearances which enabled you to connect the effusion of blood with the appearance of any external bruise? A. Not any—I think the external bruise must have been caused by a blow, because there were no scratches, or anything of that kind—the skin was not abraded—I have seen the excavation, and I do not think that the appearances which I found, and which caused death, could be accounted for by the woman falling down there—I think, if she had fallen on her head, there must have been some external bruise, and I do not think the shock would be sufficient to cause those appearances, supposing she was in a state of excitement, unless she did fall on her head, I have a confident opinion of that, nor could it be produced by her falling on any other part of her body—if she had fallen on brickbats, at the bottom of the excavation, that would not be reconcilable with the appearances I found on her eye, because the skin would have been cut by the sharp edge—I opened the head first, and under the scalp above the right eye I found a small mark—it was on the temple, and was as if she had fallen on a small piece of brick or gravel, which was not sufficiently large to cut through the skin, but to mark it underneath—the mortal appearances could not have arisen from that at all.

JURY. Q. Were there any bruises on the back of the head? A. None at all, nor on any other part of the body, except what I have mentioned.





JOHN KNIGHT
. I am a grocer of Shepherd's-bush-marker. On the Saturday evening of this occurrence, the prisoner and his wife came into my shop—I did not know them before, but I recognised the body of the deceased at Hammersmith—it was about a Quarter or twenty minutes after 12 o'clock—the prisoner bad some grocery goods, but I was otherwise engaged, and cannot tell what they were—the woman appeared perfectly sober—the prisoner ordered the goods, but I did not serve him myself.

Cross-examined. Q. Did they appear to be on perfectly good terms? A. I never heard anything particular about it. MR. RIBTON. Q. Was it the next day that you saw the body of the woman? A. No; it was on the Monday—I can say that that was the Woman who I had seen in my shop with the prisoner on the Saturday night—I saw the body at a house at the back of the station—the policeman, Searle, took me there to see it.





JOHN SEARLE

re-examined. The body that the witness, Knight, saw in my presence was that of the deceased; it was at No. 23, Brook Green-place.




GUILTY
of manslaughter.
—Aged 39.—


Transported for life.

