



225. 




ANDREW EDNEY



, stealing, whilst employed in the Post-office, a letter, containing 2 watches, value 5l., and 1 box, 1d.; the property of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-General.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY GEYR
. I am a watch-maker, of 74, Newgate-street. On 5th April I enclosed two silver watches in a small wooden box, and then in a sheet of paper, which I sealed up, directed "Mr. S. Warttenberg, jeweller, Litham, Lincolnshire," and put some postage stamps outside, and posted it at the General Post-office, St. Martin's-le-Grand, a little after five o'clock—I received a communication from Mr. Warttenberg some time after.





SIEGFRIED WARTTENBERG
. I am a jeweller, residing at Litham, in Lincolnshire. In April last I was expecting to receive two lever watches from Mr. Geyr; they never reached me.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a police-constable, attached to the Post-office. On 28th Nov, I went with the prisoner to his house, 16, Windsor-terrace, City-road, to search—he pointed out his room to me—I found this watch there (produced) in a drawer—I took it away with me—he was told to come to the Post-office next morning—he came, and was questioned about some postage stamps which I had brought from his house, which appeared to have been torn off packets or letters—he said he had sent some letters to his brother in Sidney, and after he had put the stamps on he tore them off again—Mr. Geyr appeared and identified the watch—the prisoner was asked where he got it—he said he was down at Southampton at the latter end of April last, and met a pedlar, of whom he got the watch, in exchange for his own and two sovereigns—he said the pedlar

was a tall man, named Levis, well known in Southampton—he was given in charge—on 5th Dec. I got this other silver watch from Mr. Mitchell, and it was shown to Mr. Geyr—I have been to Southampton, and made every inquiry for Levis, but could not hear of any such person.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are you sure he said Levis? A. Yes, he spelt it to me—he handed me the drawer in which the watch was, and said, "Mr. Peak, you had better take it to the light and see what there is in it"—it was getting dusk—he was a messenger in the Post-office—he bad to be there at five in the morning, and to dispatch the mail when it was made up by other people—he also had to stamp letters, and make himself generally useful





GEORGE ADOLPHUS HYLAND
. I am a messenger in the General Post-office. The prisoner was on duty on the evening of 6th April, obliterating postage stamps upon letters going by the mail that evening—a parcel addressed to Litham, posted soon after five o'clock at the General Office, might have come into his hands in the course of his duty.

Cross-examined. Q. You are not the head of that department? A. No; I did not notice that the prisoner was performing his duty that night—he is a very good officer—here is the book (produced) in which he has signed his name as having come on duty at five o'clock; it is his own writing—there were a good many persons employed that night.





WILLIAM MITCHELL
. I keep the Eagle, at Wandsworth. I got this watch from my wife on 20th April—I have carried it ever since, till I gave it to Peak on 12th Dec.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he under any obligation to you? A. Not that I know of—I never saw him till I went to Bow-street.





ELIZA MITCHELL
. I am the wife of the last witness. I was acquainted with the prisoner; on 20th April last, I walked part of the way home with him from the Post-office; before we parted he gave me a silver Geneva watch—I gave it to my husband.





HENRY GEYR

re-examined. These are the watches that I enclosed—I took down the particulars of them; here are marks on them which correspond with two entries in this book, one when I bought them, and the other when I sold them—there is a different mark in every watch.
(William Woolley, wharf-manager, City-road Basin, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

