



126. 




JOHN DRISCOLL



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



James Blake, and stealing 30 lb. weight of cigars, and 2 bags, value 20l. 0s. 2d., and 1l. 8s.; his property.






MARY ANN COLBOURNE
. I live at the back of Mr. Blake's premises—on the morning of 27th Nov., about 2 o'clock, I heard whispering under the

window; I saw two men, and heard one say to the other, "All right, it is all safe"—the prisoner is one of the men—I never saw him before—it was a very moonlight night, and there is a lamp close to my window—I swear the prisoner is the man—I saw his face—I think there was a third man came, but I could not see him—the prisoner got on the other man's shoulder, climbed up the pipe, and got on the leads at the back of Mr. Blake's house; be then tried the window, it was not fastened, he opened it and went in—I then opened my window, and called, "Police!"—the prisoner then came out again, and knocked something down in the room coming out, and knocked his hat off, which rolled away from him—he then looked up at my window, and shook his head at me—he could see me—ten minutes after the prisoner was gone, Mr. Blake came out, and I pointed out the hat to him—I saw the prisoner again, about a week after, at the Mansion House; I knew him again instantly—he was alone, he was not pointed out to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Who took you to the Mansion House? A. The two policemen—they had been to my house the night before—the robbery was on 27th Nov., and the examination, I think, on 8th Dec.—I had seen one policeman at Mr. Blake's about 9 o'clock on the morning after the robbery; I gave him a description of the person I had seen—the prisoner had on a corduroy jacket and trowsers, the other man had a light coat—my room is on the first floor, and the lamp is at the side of the window—my husband is a butcher—the prisoner left quickly when I called out—he rolled down part of the way, and then ran away; it was a minute from the time the prisoner threw up the window till he was out again.





JAMBS BLAMKE
. This is my dwelling house, and is in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate—I am a tobacconist—on 26th Nov. I went to bed at a quarter past 11 o'clock—I was the last person up—the windows and doors were then all shut and bolted—there are three windows, which open on to the leads on the first floor, and one more especially, which is the kitchen window—any person getting on the leads could get in there—I was awoke about half past 2 o'clock next morning, went downstairs, and found all the drawera under the counter drawn out, and the kitchen window open, which had been shut the night before; I had left 1l. worth of silver, and some halfpence in a small bag in the till in the shop, and about 8s. worth of halfpence in a bowl—the inner sash, the enclosure of the shop window, was drawn aside, and the contents apparently all gone—I suppose there were about thirty bundles of cigars, worth about 20l., gone from the window; but I found them afterwards, tied up in a bag, against the private door—I saw my servant fetch this hat (produced) from off the leads.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Where were you when you told your man to fetch in the hat? A. In the shop; I could not see the leads from there, but I had seen the hat before, and I went up myself into the kitchen and saw the man go outside and get it, and he gave it to me—I first saw it at half past 2 o'clock, and it laid there till 7 o'clock, it was an extraordinary light night; the moon was at the full, and this lamp comes across the court—what was done in the house would have occupied a quarter of an hour at least; I therefore conclude that the prisoner was the second person that went in, in consequent of getting out of pationce—the private door which was close to where the bag was found, was unbolted; it had been bolted the night before.





HENRY JACKSON
 (policeman, H 11). I know the prisoner, he wore this hat on the 15th Nov., when I and another constable took him into custody in Thrall-street, on suspicion of his having committed another burglary—I

then took this hat off his head, and marked it; here is the mark (pointing it out); the hat was quite new then.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear you put that mark there at the time? A. Yes; he bears a very bad character; he was taken on suspicion of a burglary in the Bethnal-green-road, where a hat was left behind; the hat was taken to the station to see if it fitted the prisoner; it did not fit him very well, and the charge was not taken against him; he then had this hat—the first time I saw this hat after this robbery was on the 7th Dec.





JOSEPH WARD
 (City-policeman). In consequence of information I examined Mr. Bird's premises; at the rear of the house there was a pipe eight or nine feet high, and there were marks on the side of the wall as if some one had got up that way; there is a flat roof, and there were marks on the lend of nails in the shoes, and prints of cord trowsers, and marks on the table inside—I went into the shop and saw a bagfull of bundles of cigars—I afterwards, with another officer, saw the prisoner in the Whitechapel-road; when he saw us he ran away; I followed him into a court, and took him in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose that class of persons generally run away from you policemen? A. If they are wanted, perhaps they do; a great many of them are often wanted—I first saw Jackson on this subject on 7 th—I described the robbery to him—I am not in the same district as he—information of burglaries is given at each station—I told Jackson we had a hat at the station, and he came and looked at it.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.

He was further charged with having been before convicted.






THOMAS WEAKFORD
 (policeman H 5). I produce a certificate read—Clerkenwell, 


Peter Short—Convicted. Jan. 1851, 
Confined six months)—I was present—the prisoner is the same person.


GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

