





353. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 and 




RICHARD WILSON
 were again indicted for

breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



William James Hare, and stealing 4 shirt collars, value 5s., his property.


MR. METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM JAMES HARE
. I live at No. 28, St. Paul's-street, New North-road. On 24th Jan. I and my mother left the house about half past 4 o'clock—I shut up the house, and left no one inside—I returned between half past 12 and 1 o'clock—found the house had been broken open—the parlour door had been broken, and a piece of the panel forced out—the police were in charge—the back door was bolted top and bottom—the house might have been entered by a skeleton key—I found the things were disturbed up stairs and down, but nothing was taken but four shirt collars—these are two of the collars I lost, they have the mark of the maker on them.

COURT. Q. How do you know them? A. By the mark of the maker—here is the stamp 2 15 1/2, which means the size of the collar, two inches by fifteen and a half.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. Where did you purchase these collars? A. In the Borough—I purchased half a dozen—I have not any of the others here—I had several sizes brought to me—I liked the pattern of one, but it was not the right size, and he said he would make them for me to that size, which he did—some will have them made for you—these have only three folds in them—it was from a pattern I had these made—I can only know them by matching them with another collar.

COURT. Q. How long had you worn them? A. I had not worn them when I lost them—they had not been washed—there were four collars taken, and some left behind.





WILLIAM SAINSBURY
 (policeman, N 52). I was at the police court when the prisoners were there on another charge, on Saturday, 26th Jan.—I took this collar from the neck of Wilson, I sent for Mr. Hare, and he came and identified it—I took the other witness to the cell, where there were seven or eight persons, and she pointed out Williams—I saw this other collar taken from Williams by Thorne.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. You say Williams was in charge? A. Yes, and the prisoners were remanded—I sent for Mrs. Waters—she did not know what she was coming for; I sent a messenger to say I wanted her—I took her directly to the cell, and asked her if there was any one there she knew—I stood about two yards from the door—she pointed out Williams, and said, "That is the man I saw by Mr. Hare's house"—I should say there were seven or eight men in the cell.





ELIZABETH WATERS
. I am the wife of Robert Waters; I live in St. Paul's-street, next door to Mr. Hare. On Thursday, 24th Jan., I saw Williams between half past 6 and 7 o'clock—he was at the end of my railing, close against Mr. Hare's door—he was within three or four steps of me—there was a gas light opposite—I saw his face—he stopped and looked at me, and when he got to Mr. Hare's door, he called "Rover, Rover," twice—I went to my door twice—he called "Rover" both times, but I saw no dog—the second time I saw him he was near the door, and he went down to the end of the street and called "Rover" again, and I heard him a quarter of an hour afterwards calling "Rover" all round the back streets—he had a young man with him, but I could not swear to him—he was about the height of Wilson, but I did not see his face—the lodger came home to Mr. Hare's about half past 7 o'clock, and I suppose by her putting the key

into the door it disturbed them—I did not hear the police there before 11 o'clock.

COURT. Q. You say a lodger came home? A. Yes, half an hour after I saw the prisoner—she tried to get in, and could not—I tried to turn the key in the door—it did turn, but the door would not open—it appeared as if it was bolted inside—there was no alarm given till about 11 o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. When you first saw the man it was between 6 and 7 o'clock? A. Yes—I remained at the street door five or ten minutes—my husband said, "It is no use your standing there"—I heard "Rover" called, and my husband said there must be a robbery, because they were very suspicious characters—I had never seen Williams before that night—I looked at him twice—he looked straight in my face—when I was asked to go to the police office they did not say what it was for—I was never in a police court before—I supposed I was going as a witness, but I never asked a word—I will swear that I never asked a word about what I was going for—he said, "I want you"—I said, "What for? I cannot go"—he said he wanted me for the robbery committed next door—I was very much alarmed.

COURT. Q. Did he tell you what he wanted you to go down about the robbery for? A. To recognise the man.





WILLIAM JAMES HAKE

re-examined. I came out of the front door when I left, and locked the door—to get out at the back they would have to get over a wall four feet and a half high—they could get over every wall very easily till they got three yards off, and then there is an eight feet wall.





JAMES THORNE
 (policeman, N 485). I took the two prisoners and another, named Keys, into custody on 25th Jan., about half past 6 o'clock in the evening, at Balls'-pond—the two prisoners were in the garden at the back of a house, and Keys was in front—I took Keys, and went and found the two prisoners in the back—Keys called "Rover" several times loud enough for them to hear, and I went and found them in the garden.

Cross-examined by
MR. DALEY. Q. Were you present when the prisoners were examined? A. Yes—the Magistrate did not say that these were very ordinary kind of collars.

COURT. Q. The collars were taken from their necks the next day? A. Yes—they had the collars on when I took them.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
.** Aged 28.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

