




526. 




WILLIAM WHITE



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Archibald Reed, and stealing 10 guns and 7 pistols, value 43l., his property. 2nd COUNT, for feloniously receiving the same.






ARCHIBALD REED
. I am a gun-maker, and live at 13, Peerless-place, and 19, Fountain-place, City-road—this happened at 13, Peerless-place, in the parish of Shoreditch—my man and a servant slept there—it was a new speculation. On Monday, 28th Jan., I left that shop about three or four minutes before eleven in the evening—the guns and other things were then safe—I left my servant, Charlotte Rhodes, in charge of the shop—the door was shut when I went out, and I heard it bolted and locked, and I tried it afterwards—next morning, in consequence of information, I went there again a little after seven—I missed some guns and pistols from the shop-window—I have since seen them at the Featherstone-street station—their value was about 43l.—I found the prisoner in custody there—some of the guns and pistols have my name on them, as the maker—(produced)—this is one of my make—there is no name on this pistol, but it is one I made—I have the fellow one at home—I have looked over all these, and am able to identify them all.

Prisoner. Q. How is the room situated where the servant sleeps? A. The servant sleeps in the top room—it is very nearly thirty yards from the shop door to the staircase leading up-stairs—the window was plate-glass, and a panel of plate-glass in the door—one of the shutters was wrenched off, and they had got through the plate-glass into the shop—there are two rooms in the house besides the shop—the shopman sleeps on the first floor, which is very likely thirty-five yards from the shop, and the girl above—the guns were standing not more than two feet from the window.





CHARLOTTE RHODES
. I am servant to Mr. Reed. I slept at 13, Peerless-place, on the night of the robbery—John Stevens, the man, also slept on the premises—my master left the shop about eleven o'clock—I closed the door after him—it was bolted, and the shop shutters secured—I heard the man go to his room after I had gone to mine—I came down stairs in the morning about seven o'clock, saw the door of the shop wide open, and the glass of the door on the floor—I went and called, the man, and then went and gave information to my master—the glass was taken out room enough, I think, for a boy to get through—I missed some guns and pistols from the window.

Prisoner. Q. How far do you suppose is the distance from the shop to the staircase that leads up to your bed-room? A. I think about twenty yards—I sleep at the top of the house.





JAMES HAWKINS
 (policeman, G 191). On 29th Jan., between eight and half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I went, in company with William Curzon, to 8. Charlotte-court, Charlotte-street, Shoreditch, which is near half a mile from the prosecutor's house—I knocked at the door—it was answered by the prisoner—there are two rooms to the house, one up-stairs, and one down—I told him he must consider himself in custody, on suspicion of stealing four pictures of Mr. Royal, of Old-street—I searched the house—nobody was in the house but the prisoner—in a cupboard under the stairs I found these ten guns and nine pistols—when I took the guns out the prisoner said, "You may as well have them all; there are some pistols there;" and I then found the pistols—I asked him what account he gave of these—he said, "Ask me no questions, for I shall not answer any"—I then took him into custody—on our way to the station he said they were brought there by some other parties, and had not been in his place above an hour.

Prisoner. Q. That you swear? A. I do—I believe the pictures that I

called about had been stolen several days previous to my calling—I am not able to speak to the time—I cannot swear it was not three weeks.





WILLIAM CURZON
 (policeman, G 126). I went with Hawkins to the prisoner's house, and saw him take the guns out of the cupboard—he turned round to the prisoner as he sat on a chair, and the prisoner said, "You had not got a case before, but you have got one now"—Hawkins asked him how the guns came there—he said, "Don't ask me any questions, for I shall not answer them."

Prisoner. Q. How were the guns taken to the station? A. I put them in an old quilt which came off the bed—I said, "We had better put them into something," and you said, "There is an old quilt you can put them in"—I went up and fetched it—you gate me permission to take it.





GEORGE MARSH
 (policeman, G 179). Mr. Reed's shop is on my beat—about half-past six o'clock in the morning of 20th Jan., I tried the shop door, and saw that it was fast, and the window was correct at that time—shortly after seven I saw that the shutter was taken away, and the pane of glass forced into the shop—I was not informed then what had happened, not till I came round again at a quarter to eight, when Mrs. Reed told me.

Prisoner. Q. Where is the policeman that gave evidence previous to you at the police-office; you swore that the premises were safe at half-past eight o'clock. Witness. I did not; I did not discover what had happened until a quarter to eight.





JAMES HAWKINS

re-examined. There were three other parties taken into custody for being concerned with the prisoner—two were remanded for a week, and there was a constable who gave evidence of having seen two of these men standing by Mr. Reed's door that morning—they were discharged—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch.

Prisoner's Defence. The evidence of the policeman is very different to what it was at the police-court; it appears to me to be impossible for the property to have been obtained by violence, and therefore they must have been assisted in obtaining it by the parties in possession; the policeman's evidence is, that the premises were safe at quarter-past six o'clock in the morning, an hour when we may presume servants are on the alert; the sound of footsteps would be heard, and it is certainly monstrous to suppose that such a daring act could have been committed; the breaking of the shutter and large window would inevitably have alarmed the house, and this being done in the extraordinary short space of time, very forcibly shows to me that assistance must have been given by one or two of the inmates; the policeman who is not here passed the premises from half-past six to half-past seven, and the premises were perfectly safe; Curzon at first said he called at my house at half-past seven, and found the property. Now to account for the property in my lower room: I let my room to two young men, about twenty years of age on this morning, one a carpenter, and the other a cooper; I had seen them before in the neighbourhood, but did not know them. The court in which I lived was principally occupied by persons making use of one room as a workshop. The two parties I let my room to I presume must have been in this affair, and by whom I have been made a dupe; whether they took my room with a guilty knowledge of this robbery being about to be committed, and with the intention of removing the property to their room, I cannot say; but about half an hour before the policeman came, I heard the door below opened and shut quickly, consequently I now conclude that the two parties had the property, and being hotly pursued by the police, to save themselves, rushed

in, left the property, and immediately decamped; I was in bed when the policeman called.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 46.—


Transported for Fourteen Years


