



197. 




WILLIAM MARKS



, feloniously uttering a forged 5l. Bank of England note, with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN EDWARD COCKRELL
. I am assistant to Messrs. Bull and Wilson, cloth merchants, of St. Martin's-lane. On Friday, 17th Dec., about half-past 5 o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came there; there were very few other persons in the shop; most of them were at their tea—the prisoner spoke to me in an obsequious manner, as if he knew me—I had never seen him before—he asked me how I was first, and then produced two patterns of cloth, and ordered two yards of each of them—he purchased five yards of

cloth, and a remnant besides; I furnished him with them; they amounted to about 3l. 10s.—he tendered a 5l. note in payment—I asked him to endorse it with his name and address in full—I brought him a pen, and he either wrote or pretended to write on the note—I have no doubt that he wrote the name which is here, "J. Johnson, 37, Great Queen-street," but I did not take any notice of what was on the back—I saw that the back was written on, and here is a name above it—I handed it to our cashier, Wipple—I did not notice whether the ink was dry—the cashier gave me some change, I gave the prisoner the difference of the note, and he went away, after saying he should return shortly to purchase some farther articles—I afterwards went to Newgate, by the direction of the detective officer, to see a man who was in custody for a similar offence, it was not the prisoner, but Badoski (see page 236)—I afterwards went to the Mansion-house, I think it was on a Tuesday; and after I had been there some time, I observed the prisoner enter; I followed him at a small distance, and stood by him some time alone, to assure myself that it was the same man; and being perfectly satisfied, I procured the assistance of a detective officer, and we together stood by him, and watched him for an hour or upwards—I observed him noticing me; he was casting his eyes in a sidelong direction at myself and the officer, without directly gazing at us, and he was leaving the Court when I gave him into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did anybody else from your establishment go to the Mansion-house with you? A. No—it was three or four days after the prisoner came that I went to the Mansion-house; I cannot speak positively—I had communicated with our principals about him, and gave them a description of him—I do not recollect speaking to other persons about it; I will not swear I did not—I had been at the Mansion-house half an hour before I observed the prisoner enter—I went there by the advice of the detective officers, as Badoski's case was expected to come on before the Lord Mayor; it did not come on while we were present, I believe it did afterwards—I went into the body of the Justice-room, among the spectators—the prisoner came in at the usual door, and put himself at the furthest end of the Court—I went there after him—I was standing near the door when he entered—he did not exactly pass me, because I was right at the end of the wall where the door was, a few yards further up towards the Judge's seat—the person was at our place a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes when the note was uttered.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you go more than once to the Mansion-house? A. No; and on that occasion I found the officer Monger—there are counters running up and down our warehouse—I was at one corner—we have two doors exactly opposite each other—I was not nearest to St. Martin's-lane, but at the back part—there were many pieces of goods between that counter and the back part.





CHARLES WIPPLE
. I am the cashier, at Bull and Wilson's. On Friday, 17th Dec, the last witness gave me this note—this indorsement on it, "17—12—52," is my writing—at the time I wrote it I observed the words, "J. Johnson, 37, Great Queen-street," upon it, which I copied into my book—I could see that it had been written a minute or two, but the ink was dry—I gave change to the young man, but I do not recollect the exact amount—I was at some considerable distance from where Mr. Cockrell was.

Cross examined, Q. If the ink was dry, how did you distinguish whether it had been written two minutes or an hour? A. It looks a great deal lighter.






ANTHONY WILSON MONGER
 (City policeman, 564). On 23rd Dec. I was at the Mansion House in the course of my duty, and saw Cockrell in the body of the Court—a foreigner, named Badoski, was to be examined for uttering forged notes, that day—I saw the prisoner in Court; he was at the further end of the Court when I first saw him—Mr. Cockrell called my attention to him—he was in my view a little better than an hour, I should think—I and Cockrell were standing together some part of the time, and the prisoner looked at us several times and got shifting towards the door (I was in plain clothes)—he kept shifting along a little, and at the end of one case which was being heard, there was a little bit of a bustle in the Court, and he made a rush towards the door—I went up to him, caught hold of his arm, and said; "I want you"—he said, "Which station are you going to take me to?"—I told him I was going to take him to Bow-street police station—we got into a cab by the Mansion-house; when we got part of the way up Cheapside, I asked him if he knew what he was charged with; he said, "No"—I then told him he was charged with uttering a forged 5l. Bank of England note at Bull and Wilson's, in St. Martin's-lane; he said, "Oh! I know Bull and Wilson's very well; I have had dealings with them"—we then went there for the young gentleman to come and press the charge against him—I searched him at the station, and found a petition to the Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police in his pocket, and asked him what it was; he said it was a petition to the Commissioners of Police, as he was desirous of getting into the police force, and the reason he was at the Mansion House was to see how business was conducted—he afterwards said he went there to get some gentlemen to sign the petition—I found several papers upon him, and among others this book (produced), in which I find the name of Johnson written in two places.

Cross-examined. Q. And you find the names of Keys, Sears, and Gatehouse? A. Yes; I did not tell the Magistrate about the name—when I stopped the prisoner going out of the Court, I did not tell him he was charged with uttering a forged Bank of England note before he asked me what station I was going to take him to. (The witness's deposition being read, contained the words, "I told him he was charged with uttering a forged 5l. Bank of England note, and he asked me which station I was going to take him to.") When that was being read over to me by the clerk of the Court I stopped him, and said, "I beg your pardon; I did not mention anything about the note until we were half way up Cheapside," and he said, "It is immaterial"—I do not know the clerk's name; it was at Bow-street—I told the Magistrate that the prisoner said he was at the Mansion House to see how business was conducted, as he meant to go into the police, and I said I had found several papers in his pocket—I did not tell the clerk I had stated it, and that he had not put it down—Pocock told the Magistrate that the prisoner said he went there to get some gentlemen to sign the petition—I did not tell the Magistrate that among the things there was a book with the name of Johnson in it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had your attention been called to the names in the book when you were before the Magistrate? A. No; I have examined it since.





THOMAS RICHARDS
. I am the tenant of the house, No. 37, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn Fields. I do not know the prisoner; I have never let lodgings to him—I have been the housekeeper two years, and do not think he ever lodged there—no person named Johnson or Marks ever lodged in my house.





THOMAS HONEYMAN
. I live at No. 37, Great Queen-street, I. Lincoln's-inn

Fields, and have done so two years—no person named Johnson has lived there since I have been there—I never knew the prisoner to be there—I never saw him before to my knowledge.

MR. WYBIRD. I am one of the inspectors of bank notes to the Bank of England—this note is a forgery—it is not Bank paper, is very bad paper—the name of "Parish" appears on it as cashier; there is such a cashier at the Bank.





CHARLES WIPPLE

re-examined. The note was presented to me in the same state in which it is now, with the exception of the date—I wrote down in my book, "Johnson, No. 37, Great Queen-street; 17—12—52; Cockrell," and I made an entry of the number of the note.

MR. PAYNE
called the following witnesses for the Defence.






JOHN SMITH
. I am a draper, and live in Bermondsey-street. The prisoner has been in my employment for the last three or four months—I have seen him with a book like that which has been produced, in his hand in our shop—I have known him for the last thirteen years—I have some papers here in his writing—I am acquainted with his handwriting—(looking at the forged note) I do not believe this "J. Johnson, 37, Great Queen-street," to be his, it is not at all similar—I remember Friday, Dec. 17—I met the prisoner in Lambeth-walk about 2 o'clock that afternoon—I was with him about an hour—he came to me for a shilling, which was his usual custom; he had 1s. every day, and we settled the rest of his wages on the Saturday night—he used to sell for me on commission—I did not see him again that day after that, not after 3 o'clock—I saw him next morning when he came for another shilling.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you in trade on your own account, or do you carry it on for somebody else? A. I carry it on for my sister, I manage the business for her—I employed the prisoner for my sister—he was in her regular service—the first week's wages he received was 9th Oct., and he was in her employ up to 17th Dec.—he did not leave then—he remained until he was taken into custody—these papers that I have in my hand are the orders that he brought in, and the last is on 22nd Dec.—they are the prisoner's writing—he worked for my sister up to 23rd Dec.—the last shilling he had was on the Thursday morning; I think that was the 23rd Dec.—he had been selling goods on commission—he went round to different customers, and got orders from them for drapery, or he brought them to the shop—we gave him a shilling for each customer—he did not bring any customer on 23rd Dec.—I cannot tell whether he brought one on 17th without referring to books—he was in our service on 23rd, and had one shilling about 11 o'clock in the morning—I did not see him after that time; he said he was going into the City, and asked me if he could do anything for me; it was a wet day—he had earned all the money he wanted to earn that week; we could not afford to pay him more than 6s. or 8s.—I collect for my sister besides selling for her—I get 2l. a week—my sister carries on business at 273, Bermondsey-street—she is a widow—she saw the prisoner on 23rd Dec.; I do not think she is here—a young woman who serves in the shop also saw him; she is not here—I was not acquainted with Mr. Levitt till I saw him at Bow-street at the last examination—this is my handwriting (looking at the deposition)—I never saw Mr. Levitt till I saw him at Bow-street; that was on the Thursday—I live with my sister, at 273, Bermondsey-street—I do not lodge in Kennington-lane, and never did—I am in the habit of going to Kennington-lane about once a month, on a Friday—I go to several houses, twenty, thirty, or forty—I can give you a list of them

if you like—I do not know whether Mr. Levitt lives in Kennington-lane—I will swear that—I have seen in the deposition that he lives in Cardigan-street, Kennington, but I have never seen the house.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How long have you known the prisoner altogether? A. Thirteen years—his name is William Marks; I never heard of his going by the name of Johnson—he has borne a very good character.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did he come out of prison last? A. I never knew that he was in prison—I have heard that he was in prison, in default of bail—I have since heard that it was for beating his mother—I heard that before I came here to give him a character—I do not know how long he was in prison—I have been in prison myself, in Horsemonger-lane twenty years ago; it was on strong suspicion of debt; I was there about a week—I was never in any other prison, on my oath, never in my life—I have been at a station house—I have been taken into custody.

MR. PAYNE. Q. You have been asked as to the prisoner's being in prison, was that in default of bail for having assaulted his mother? A. I have heard so since—it was not on any charge of stealing or any dishonesty—I never knew any charge of dishonesty against him—I was never accused of, or tried for, any charge of dishonesty—I was in prison for debt twenty years ago.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Will you swear you were never in a station-house charged with any crime? A. Yes, I have been charged with crime; it was for embezzlement—I was never charged with any other crime, on my oath—that is about four years ago—that was not when I was commission agent for my sister—on my oath, I was never in custody charged with any crime, except the occasion on which I was in custody for embezzlement, and that was settled and paid.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How long wereyouin custody on that charge? A. Till the next morning; the case was remanded, and I went out on bail—I was never in prison except for that one night.





JOSEPH LEVITT
. I am a carpenter, and live at No. 3, Cardigan-street, Kennington. The prisoner is my godson and nephew—he lodged in my house—I remember hearing of this accusation against him—I know where he was at the latter part of the afternoon of 17th Dec.—I saw him a little before 4 o'clock at my house—I did not have tea with him; he came too late for tea. we had tea early—he remained there the whole of the evening—when he came in I was cutting an ox head to pieces that I had bought; it was not a prize ox, it was one that came from the cattle show—he said, "My God! Uncle, what are you going to do with all that?"—I said, "Some of it I am going to salt, and some I am going to stew, to make soup of"—he then went to writing at the end of a chest of drawers in my room until it was dusk, and he could not see to write any more—I had done what I was going to do with the meat, and we sat down and played at cards together the whole of the evening—we played at cribbage—he and I had supper by our two selves—the female part of the family were gone to bed; by the female part of the family I mean my wife and my wife's sister—they are here—he and I had some of the head stewed for our supper—I attended before the Magistrate—the prisoner never left my house that evening.

Cross-examined. Q. How much before 4 o'clock did he come in? A. It may be ten minutes; he was too late for tea—I was then cutting up the ox head—he said, "Good God! uncle, what are you going to do with all that?"—I told him I was going to salt some of it, and some of it was to be stewed directly to make soup of—I finished what I was about with the meat,

and he went to his books, as he usually does, till it was dusk—I should think he wrote for about three quarters of an hour, and then we sat down to cards—I have not got a clock that will go—he went out once to fetch a little porter from a public house about 100 yards away; that might be about 10 o'clock in the evening—this is my handwriting to this deposition—(read—"This deponent Joseph Levitt on his oath saith as follows: 'I live at No. 3, Cardigan-street, Kennington—I am a carpenter—the prisoner is my nephew—on the Monday I believe that this note was offered to be passed he was at home by dusk, I will say 5 o'clock, and he had tea with me when I came home from work—I cannot speak as to any other day that week—the prisoner's name is William Marks, I was his godfather, and he was named William; he has gone by that name ever since'")—I have never been in custody in my life.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Just explain; in that depositionyouspeak of the Monday, on which you believe the note was passed? A. I was given to understand by the officers that it was on Monday—that was the officer that told me 80 (pointing to Pocock)—I understood him to say Monday, and my evidence before the Magistrate applied to Monday alone—to-day I have been speaking of Friday—I know the prisoner's writing—(looking at the note) I do not believe the "J. Johnson" on this note to be his writing.





ANN LEVITT
. I am the wife of the last witness. The prisoner is his nephew—I remember Friday, 17th Dec.—my nephew came home that day, at nearly 4 o'clock—he remained there all the evening—I went to bed about 11 o'clock, or a little before—I did not have any supper—I was engaged in ironing that evening—I am a laundress—I had my sister-in-law, Mary Ann Byers, to assist me—she had an opportunity of seeing the prisoner as well as myself, by coming in and out of the adjoining room—the prisoner was at my place from a little before four o'clock till I went to bed; I did not see him out of the house beyond his going for a little porter.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you not forgotten the cribbage? A. Oh, yes; it is a usual thing for them to play together of an evening when they come home—it was a little before 4 o'clock when the prisoner came in—I only judge of the time; we had an early dinner and tea together—he had no tea; we had our tea—he did not drink tea with my husband; I am sure of that; that I swear.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you had your tea on the Friday, before the prisoner came in? A. Yes; we had dinner and tea together—poor people do that sometimes—he drank tea with my husband on the Monday, but not on the Friday—I do not know his writing; I am no scholar.





MARY ANN BYERS
. I am sister-in-law to Mrs. Levitt, and assist her in her business of a laundress. I remember Friday, 17th Dec., the day the bullock's head was there—the prisoner came home about 4 o'clock that day, and never went out any more till the evening—he never went out, except to get some porter—I went to bed about 11 o'clock—we were washing that evening—I was helping to wash—Mrs. Levitt was washing as well, I mean with a wash tub; there was no ironing going on that evening—the prisoner and Mr. Levitt were playing at cards—I cannot say what time we had tea that day, but we had it very early—from 4 o'clock till I went to bed the prisoner was there, with the exception of his going for some porter.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in the house the whole day? A. yes—the prisoner's mother is my sister—we dined and drank tea together that day, as we do in general when we are washing—there was no ironing going on that day.


COURT. Q. Who drank tea together that day? A. Me and my sister, Mrs. Levitt—Mr. Levitt drank tea too, we three, but not the prisoner; I am quite sure of that.

MR. CLARKSON
called






WILLIAM POCOCK
 (police-sergeant, F 14). I went with the other officer to Levitt's house—whilst we were there, he asked what day he passed the note, and my answer was I did not know, for I did not know at that time.

COURT. Q. Did the other officer say on what day the note was passed? A. No; I am quite certain of that.

JURY
to
CHARLES WIPPLE. Q. You said that you took the number of the note; what was it? A. 56045 (producing his book).—we bad not more than five or six 5l. notes on that day—I do not know the name of the shopman that gave me the note—I generally account for my cash at 6 o'clock—I wrote on the note the name of the person I received it from, and here it is, "Cockrell."





JOHN EDWARD COCKRELL

re-examined. I did not hand any other 5l. note to Mr. Wipple that day.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

