





802. 




DAVID BARNETT,



 DAVID POLACK
, and 




THOMAS WILLIAM BEAL



, breaking and entering the warehouse of 



James Deane and another, and stealing 57 watches and other goods, value 1,200/., their property. 2nd COUNT, feloniously receiving the same.



MESSRS. BODKIN
and
METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution






JAMES THOMAS DONOHUE
. I am foreman to Messrs. James Deane and Co.; they have premises in King William-street, which extend down Arthur-street to within one door of Fish-street Hill—it is in the parish of St. Margaret, Fish-street—the house at the corner of Fish-street Hill is occupied as a warehouse—no one sleeps there, and no one sleeps on our premises at night—on the night of Saturday, 7th July, I locked up our premises about 20 minutes past 7 o'clock—I saw that they were all quite safe when I left them—I keep the keys—I went to the premises on the Monday morning following—I was the first there—it was about 7 o'clock—I found the stock strewed about the place, and in great disorder—ultimately I found a large quantity of stock missing; of watches, chains, pencil cases, and other goods—on looking further, I found how the entry had been effected, that they had broken a padlock on the third floor, and got in at a window—that window was barred, and there was a small door in it which was fastened by means of a padlock—the window had a small door or gate in it—that window leads on to the leads, and that window had been forced, showing that persons had come in from the leads, and there was a ladder placed close to a chimney, which ladder had been taken from our stock inside our house—I found a rope placed round another chimney; by means of that a person could get on the leads or from the leads—I found that persons had broken into the adjoining warehouse, and got through a partition and on to the leads—I communicated with the police.





WILLIAM GALE
 (City policeman. 520). I was called to Messrs. Deane's on Monday morning, 9th July—I went over the premises, and found them in the state which the last witness has described—I found these instruments on the premises; three crow bars, a stock, and bits, and keys, and other articles, all of them being instruments used in housebreaking, and this rope.





JOHN HEALEY
. I am assistant to Samuel Henry Fuller, a pawnbroker, No. 15, King's-place, Commercial-road East—I produce two silver watches pawned at our shop on 10th July, for two guineas, by the prisoner, Barnett, in the name of John Emanuel—I did not take them in—I was in the shop, and I saw him in the shop—another assistant took them in, but I was present—it was about half-past 2 o'clock—there was a man named Morris there—I had seen Barnett twice before at our shop—when he left the shop he was joined by a man outside, who, I think, was the prisoner Polack.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. You saw Barnett pawn these watches with you? A. Yes, I saw him—he did not pawn them with me—I have known him several years—he was aware that I knew him—his conduct was perfectly open—there was a man outside—that man did not come in at all, when Barnett went out they seemed to meet each other, they joined at the opposite corner—I have known Barnett about six years—he has pawned various goods with me; always in the usual way of pawning.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You do not swear positively to the man outside as being Polack? A. No—I had not seen Polack before that Tuesday to my knowledge—whoever the man was, he was standing in the street, on the opposite side of the road—my attention was not particularly directed to him; no further than the three persons joining together—the third person was Mr. Morris—when they went out, they all three joined on the opposite side of the street—Mr. Morris came back to the shop, the other two went away—it was only for about half a minute that my attention was directed to them.


COURT. Q. Do you know what business Barnett carries on? A. As far as I do know he is a watchmaker—I am not aware that he keeps a shop—I know that he has pawned very largely in watches, second hand watches, and I should say that he does deal in watches—I never saw him working as a watchmaker—all I know is that he pawned watches.





THOMAS CRADDOCK
. I am assistant to Mr. Byas, a pawnbroker, No. 147, Ratcliff-highway—I produce two silver watches pawned on 10th July, for 2l. 5s. in the name of James Jones, by the prisoner Polack—he was alone—it was between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Never—I saw him afterwards at the Mansion House in custody—I do not recollect on what day; I think it was on the Saturday—the policeman told me to go to the Mansion House—he told me that a robbery of watches had been effected, and I was going to the Mansion House to identify the man who pawned them—I there saw Polack and Barnett—there was a lad in the shop when these were pawned—he was sweeping the shop out—his name is Coleman—he saw the prisoner.

MR. METCALFE. Q. Are you sure that Polack is the man who pawned them? A. Yes.





WILLIAM BARRATT
. I am an assistant to Mr. Barker, a pawnbroker, in Houndsditch—I produce two silver watches pawned at our shop on 10th July, about 6 o'clock, in the name of John Barnett, for 2l. 10s.; they were pawned by the prisoner Barnett.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. Had you known him before? A. Yes; I cannot say how long—I have known him for years—he has been pawning watches and jewellery for years—I took him to be a working jeweller—most of our customers are dealers—it is not uncommon for very respectable persons to employ people like him to pawn for them to a large amount.

COURT. Q. Had he ever pawned in the name of John Barnett before? A. I cannot say—I knew him by the name of Barnett, that was the name in which he usually pawned.

MR. M'ENTEER, Q. Was there another watch pawned by Barnett before? A. Yes; a gold watch for 3l. 10s. on 15th June—that was redeemed by a female on 13th Aug., since the prisoners have been in custody.

COURT. Q. In that neighbourhood are there many working watch-makers and dealers? A. Yes; it is not uncommon for honest dealers to raise money by pawning their watches—it is very usual—if a man wishes to buy an amount of property, and has not capital, he will send 50l. or 100l. worth to pawn for a temporary capital, and it is not uncommon for persons to employ other people to do it for them—they send their servants or friends, or people that they know—I have known persons to receive a commission for pawning articles for persons who do not like to come themselves.





JAMES NEWTON
. I am assistant to Mr. Barker, of Aldgate, a pawn-broker. I produce two silver watches pawned on 10th July, about half-past 11 o'clock in the morning, in the name of James Barnett—2l. 10s. was advanced on them—they were pawned by the prisoner Barnett—I have two pairs of gold spectacles pawned by him on the next day, the 11th, for 12s., in the same name.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. Did you know him before? A. Yes; since I have been there, which is three months—he was known at the shop before—one of these pawnings was on the 10th, and one on the

11th—after the pawning on the 11th we sent for Barnett, a dealer came into the shop, and we told him we wanted him, and he met Barnett and told him we wanted him, and he came soon after—that was two or three hours after he pawned the spectacles.

MR. METCALFE. Q. Had the list come round before he came the second time? A. Yes; we did not say anything to him about the things that we had taken in of him which appeared in the list, because we had communicated with the police, and I believe he was followed.

COURT. Q. Was it in consequence of the list coming that you sent for him? A. Yes; after we had spoken to the dealer, and the prisoner came again, he asked what we wanted him for—I said, "The foreman is not in the way, if you look in again he will tell you"—he came again in about an hour—the foreman told him there were two pairs of spectacles and an eye glass taken in that day, and they were mixed and he wished to know which were his—he showed him the spectacles, and Barnett said, "Those are mine; was that all you wanted me for?"—he said, "Yes"—we had sent for the police, and they were watching him outside in plain clothes—when we take in watches, we generally look at the name of the maker—on this occasion I opened the watches, and looked at them before I took them in—I showed them to the foreman.





JAMES CORBRIDGE
. I am assistant to Mr. Telford, a pawnbroker, No. 178, St. George's-street, East, it used to be called Ratcliff-highway—our house is but a few doors from Mr. Byas—I have two silver watches, pawned on 10th July, I think between 2 and 4 o'clock, for 2l. 10s. by Barnett, in the name of John Mayhew—these are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. Did you know Barnett before? A. I never saw him before to my knowledge—his conduct was perfectly open, the same as others—he offered to open the cases for me, as I had got my nail split—he opened them for me—if they had been English watches we should have taken the maker's name, but being Geneva watches we did not then, but we do now—there is nothing on them to show the name of Deane.

COURT. Q. I suppose if you took in a large stock of watches you would make more inquiries? A. Yes.





RICHARD REEVE
. I am a refiner, and live at No. 137, Goswell-street. I know the prisoners—Polack and Barnett were at my place on 11th July, between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon—I buy metals to melt—I enter them in a book—without looking at the book, I remember what took place—they came to sell some silver spectacles and three rings—I cannot tell how many spectacles there were, but they weighed five ounces odd, and they came to 1l. 5s. 10d.—there might have been twenty pairs—they are different in weight—I gave 4s. 10d. an ounce for them as old silver—I afterwards melted them, I think on the following Monday—they also brought three rings—I delivered one of them afterwards to the officer Jackson—this is it (produced)—the others are sold—I think it was 18s. I gave for the rings—I am a dealer besides a refiner—I knew both of those men before—this dealing took place in the shop—I think they were with me twenty minutes, at the outside—I cannot say which of them spoke, which produced the things, or which I paid.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. How long had you known Barnett? A. I might have known him a couple of years—he has brought customers to my house—I cannot say exactly for what, but for old gold—I knew Polack as well.


Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. What time was this? A. From 3 to 4 o'clock—I can say that the prisoners came together—I cannot say who produced the spectacles, or who produced the rings—the goods were weighed, and the money placed on the counter—I cannot say who took it up—I saw Polack afterwards at the Mansion House, I cannot say what day it was—the policeman fetched me to the Mansion House, and told me it was to identify the men who sold the things—I had bought lace of Polack before, and I knew him as purchasing articles of jewellery.

COURT. Q. When the spectacles were brought to you, had they glasses in them? A. No—they were tarnished, as if they had been exposed to the air, in fact, silver spectacles will never sell, they are of no use, and therefore it is useless to keep them—they were not broken or spoiled in any way.





SOPHIA LYONS
. I am a widow, and reside in Sandy's-row, Middlesex-street,—I am by trade a jeweller—I know both Barnett and Polack—they both came to me on 11th July—I cannot exactly say the time—it was in the forenoon—they said they had a little lot of plated brooches, which they would let me have for 15s. to put on my board—I said I would look at them—I think they both spoke together—they had not the brooches with them then—Barnett came in the afternoon, and brought eleven or thirteen brooches—they said the first time that I was to give 15s. for them—I did not pay for them when they were brought—Barnett put them on the board, and I said I would pay to-morrow if they suited me—he said nothing, but left them—there were three or four cameos, and I think two had stones in them—I cannot give a description of the others—to my recollection, I think there were some like garters—I gave them back to Polack—he lives next door to me—I said I had no money to purchase them—he took back the whole of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. What business is Polack? A. In the clothing line—these men came both together in the morning, and after I had conversation with them, Barnett brought the things, and left them—I said I would pay Polack for them.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You keep a little stall? A. Yes—I deal in all kind of articles—I live in Petticoat-lane.





JAMES JOHNSON
. I am a refiner, and live at No. 89, Aldersgate-street. I know Barnett and Polack—I remember their coming to my shop on 11th July—they offered me this gold eye glass—I bought it of them for 9s. 5 1/2 d.—it is a double eye glass, with no glasses in it—at the same time they produced some gold spectacle frames and eye glasses—the eye glasses had glasses in them—the spectacles were without—I think there were about half a dozen pairs of each—both the prisoners produced some—they asked me to buy them—I refused to buy them—they told me they had some brooches that might suit me—they asked me to look at them, but I declined—the gold of this eye glass that I bought is worth about 32s. 6d. an ounce—that is the price I gave for it.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. Did you know Barnett before? A. Yes—I had dealings with him some time before—he dealt in jewellery goods.

COURT. Q. Why did you refuse to buy the other goods? A. I did not like the appearance of them.





JAMES RUTHERFORD
. I am shopman to Mr. Benham, of Barbican, a refiner; he is successor to Mr. Sirrell. On 11th July, I believe Barnett and Polack came, about 2 o'clock—I did not know them before—I bought nine or ten wedding rings of them—I gave them 80s. an ounce—they came

to 2l. 10s. 10d—they were Hall gold, and had the stamp—I did not pay the money—I gave an order to the cashier—he pays the money—his place is at the end of the shop—we mixed the rings with the stock—we cannot now distinguish them from the stock—the officer Egerton showed me a piece of paper with something written on it—I cannot say on what day—I think it was on Thursday or Friday, in the same week—I had given that paper to the person of whom I bought the wedding rings, at the time of the purchase—I am sure of that—we give a paper to everybody that sells.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Had you ever seen Polack before? A. No—I believe he was the man—I did not see him again till he was at the Mansion House, and he was then in custody.





SAMUEL EGERTON
 (police-sergeant, H 24). I showed the last witness a piece of paper on the Friday—I have since lost that paper.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Where did you keep it? A. In my pocket book—I got it from the waistcoat pocket of Barnett—it remained in my pocket book for two or three days—the last I saw of it I gave it to Mr. Wontner's clerk; it was the piece I took out of the pocket of Barnett.





JOHN HARRIS PEARCE
. I am assistant to Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker of Chiswell-street—I produce a pair of gold spectacles pawned on the 11th July, in the name of John Emanuel, No. 16, Bunhill-row—I think it was between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon—the person who pawned them was very much like the prisoner Polack in his appearance—I believe it was him—I could not swear to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You had never seen him before? A. No—the next time I saw him was at the Mansion House—the police-road took me there, and told me what I was going for—I saw the two prisoners there—I said I could swear it was not the prisoner Barnett, but it was very much like the prisoner Polack.





ALFRED COTTON
. I am assistant to Mr. Attenboroagh, a pawnbroker in Crown-street, Finsbury—I have a pair of gold spectacles pawned on 11th July, in the name of John Emanuel, by the prisoner Barnett, between 3 and 4 o'clock—I did not know him before.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. Was his conduct open and unreserved? A. Yes, the same as other persons.





SAMUEL EGERTON

re-examined. I took Barnett on Friday night, 13th July, in Petticoat-lane—I told him it was on suspicion of stealing a quantity of watches from Messrs. Deane and Co. in the City—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I asked him if he was in the Highway on the Tuesday previous, pawning watches, or in the Commercial-road pawning watches—he said, "No, I was not in the Commercial-road nor the Highway, nor did I pawn any watches"—I took him to Leman-street station, and went to search his house—I found nothing in the house relative to this case—after I had been to his house, I went back to the station in company with his wife—she said to him, "Why don't you tell who employed you to pawn these watches? if you don't tell I will; you ought to think of your children"—he said, "I will tell all about it; I was in the Highway on the Tuesday, and in the Commercial-road, and I did pawn watches there"—he said he was employed by a man of the name of Polack, living at No. 16, Sandy's-row, Petticoat-lane—he was a clothier or general dealer, and if I would go to a house, No. 190, Church-street, Shoreditch, to a person of the name of Mrs. Lowe, I should find some more of the property there—I had before told him I had found some watches in the Highway—he said on Tuesday morning Polack came to his house, and took him to Mrs. Lowe's—he said,

"We both went into the house together, and I received a packet of watches from Mrs. Lowe, and they were the watches I have been pawning"—I then searched him, and in his waistcoat pocket I found the bit of paper of which I spoke before—when I took the paper out of his pocket, he said that related to some wedding rings that he and Polack had sold at Benham's shop, in Barbican, on the Wednesday previous—I believe Mrs. Lowe is an aunt of Polack's—I went there on the Saturday morning—I found there was a Mrs. Lowe lived there—I spoke to her—I found nothing there—I took Polack the same night at No. 16, Sandy's-row—I found he was carrying on the business of a clothier there—I told him I took him on suspicion of stealing a quantity of watches and jewellery from Deane and Dray in the City—he said, "I don't know what you mean"—I repeated it over again—he said, "I know nothing about it, nor did I have any watches"—I asked him if he was in Ratcliff-highway or the Commercial-road on the Tuesday previous, along with a man of the name of Barnett, pawning watches—he said he was not in the Highway nor the Commercial-road, pawning any watches, nor did he know Barnett—I searched his house, but found nothing relating to this case—the property in his shop was taken down from the shelves, and all packed up in hampers—I asked him why the property was all packed up; he said some of it was come from the Exhibition Change, where he had a stall, and the other was going down to Wales, he had got a shop there—I then took him to the Lambeth-street station where Barnett was, and I said to Barnett, "Is this the man that employed you to pawn the watches?" Barnett said, "Yes, he is the man"—Polack then put his hands together, and said, "Oh my God! if you will say that, you will say anything."

Cross-examined by
MR. M'ENTEER. Q. Were you in plain clothes? A. Yes—Barnett gave me his address, which was quite right—when I went to his house, I saw his wife—he seemed very poor—when I went with his wife to the station, she at once said, "Why don't you tell the truth, who employed you to pawn these watches?"—Barnett then began to cry, and he stated that he did pawn watches—he told me where Mrs. Lowe lived, and it was correct—Mrs. Lowe told me the watches had been there, and she had sold them.

Q. Did he appear to be carrying on the business of a watchmaker? A. There were tools on the bench, which appeared to me like the tools of a watchmaker—the statement of Barnett did not facilitate the getting the property back—what property I got, I found by making inquiries at pawnbrokers' shops—I afterwards found the pawn ticket of a watch when I went to Polack's house; his wife gave me a duplicate, and said that was of her watch—it was hers, and it was pawned previous to the robbery—I returned the duplicate back to Polack's wife, as it did not relate to this property.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. How do you know that Mrs. Lowe is the aunt of Polack? A. I do not know it—I heard it—I found his wife at No. 16, Sandy's-row—what was packed up had no relation to this robbery—he told me that some of his property he brought from the Exhibition Change, where he had stalls, and he has stalls there, and the other was going to Wales—Mrs. Polack gave me the duplicate of a watch which has nothing to do with this charge.





JAMES BRETT
. I am an officer of the City police. I took Beal into custody on 30th July, not on this charge—I found him in the parlour, at No. 31, Barton-place, St. Andrew's-row, Cambridge-heath—Haydon, who was

wish me, searched his person—I searched the room—there was a card table there—I said to Beal, after Haydon had searched him, "Have you any other stolen property in the house?"—he said, "No"—I proceeded to search—I came to the card table drawer, and I had a difficulty in getting at it—he said, "You will find nothing there; there is no drawer there"—it is a table that turns, and there is a well or drawer in it—I continued till I had succeeded in finding the drawer, and in it I found a great number of articles—I have a list of them, which was made by my dictation at the station—(reads:) "Eight gold watch cases, and nine movements, eight of the movements fitted the cases, there was one movement without a case, twenty three gold eye glasses, nine other gold watches in cases, three brooches four pairs of gold spectacles, twenty-one gold pencil cases, three Albert chains, three neck chains, a quantity of stones taken out of bracelets, a pair of broken spectacles," and other things—the property which refers to this case are these nine gold watches, three brooches, fifteen eye glasses, four pairs of gold spectacles, twenty-one gold pencil cases, three Albert chains, 1 neck chain, and the broken spectacles.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. In this card table were these things rolled up? A. Most of them were rolled up in paper—some were loose—all the property that relates to this charge was in paper—there was no string round it—they were in different parcels, not all in one parcel—I believe Beal did not say anything—he did not say anything in reference to this charge—I did not hear him say something about a man having left the property there.

Q. Did you hear him say that a man named Jones came there, and asked him to let him leave them? A. No—he said that Jones called and left him the property that we found upon him—he did not say that somebody had come there, and asked permission to leave the property found in the card table—that I swear—I have since ascertained that he rents the house of the landlord—I have subpœnaed the landlord here to prove it—I believe, from inquiries, that there are no lodgers in the house, only his daughters and his wife living with him—I do not know how many rooms there are, I should say it is either a four or a six roomed house—I found these things in the front parlour, where the prisoner was—this was about 4 o'clock in the afternoon—he had been from home in the former part of the day—I do not know how long—I had seen him perhaps an hour before—I do not know whether he had been more than an hour from his own place—I had not him in my sight above ten minutes—that was about an hour before I saw him in his own house—it was some distance from his own house—it was in consequence of inquiries I made and information, that I went to his house—there has been a reward of 200l. for the discovery of the persons who committed this robbery—that was shortly after the time the robbery was committed.

Q. How long was it after the offering of the reward that you received the information on which you went to this man's house? A. I received indirectly more than one information—I dare say I received information a day or two afterwards, and very many times—there was another man went with me and Haydon to Beal's house—I do not know his name, he was not a policeman—Haydon, and I, and Beal, and the fourth man left the house in a cab together—that man was in the house during the search—he was in the front room at the time I took this property out of the card table—Haydon gave that man a sovereign in the cab—he did not promise to give him more—he left us when we got to the station—I have seen him twice since—I, and Haydon, and that man went into Beal's house together—that

man was in the parlour—I did not hear him say in the hearing of the prisoner that he was an officer—when we went to Beal's house, I saw several other persons walking about—I did not see one man in particular—I saw by what I could understand several of the prisoner's daughters and his wife in the house—whatever the prisoner said, it was after something had been taken from him, which does not relate to this charge—after I took this property out of the drawer—to the beat of my belief, he did not say anything with respect to the property—he said, "Oh, my God, I am innocent!"—he made use of that exclamation a great many times, before and after I had taken the property out of the card table.

COURT. Q. A fourth person went with you? A. Yes—he was in my eye there during the time—it was not in the nature of things possible that he could have put the things in the well of the table, certainly not, he sat on a seat by the window—when the prisoner said, "Oh, God, I am innocent!" he did not at that time say that any other person had put the property there, or anything to that effect—he has never alleged that in my hearing.





HENRY HEATH BEVERLY
. I am a salesman in the employ of Messrs. Deane and Co. On Saturday night, 7th July, the watches were all safe—the watches were under my care—I went on Monday morning, and the watches were missing—I know the whole of these nine gold watches which were found at Beal's, by our own private mark on them—these were all in stock on the Saturday, and were safe when I went away, and were missed on the Monday morning.

COURT. Q. Have you seen the whole of this property? A. Yes—I can identify the whole of what Brett produces as found at Beal's, with the exception of two neck chains—the whole I had in stock on Saturday night—some of them have private marks on them—we do not take that mark off when they are sold—but the watches I can speak to as having been there on the Saturday night—I know by the numbers that they have not been sold.





JOHN HEALEY

re-examined. I produce the two watches pawned by Barnett.

MR. BEVERLY. These were our property and were in stock.

COURT. Q. Have you the numbers entered in a book when they are sold? A. Yes—these other watches pawned with Mr. Barratt, Mr. Craddock, Mr. Corbridge, and Mr. Newton (looking at them) I identify as being in our stock on the Saturday night—these spectacles produced by Mr. Newton have our mark—we had such—we missed about sixty pairs—this ring produced by Mr. Reeve is a pattern we had at that time—we lost one of this pattern from the stock—this eye glass produced by Mr. Johnson is a pattern that we had without glasses for some considerable time—we missed thirty or forty pairs, some with glasses, and some without—we missed some gold brooches, some cameos, some stones, and thirteen or fourteen wedding rings—these gold spectacles produced by Mr. Pearse are a pattern we had—I could not swear to them—here is one letter of our mark on them—these gold spectacles produced by Mr. Cotton resemble ours—there is no mark on them.

MR. METCALFE. Q. Have any of the marks on the nine watches been altered? A. On two of them they have been erased.

COURT. Q. Would that attract the attention of a dealer in watches? A. Yes COURT
to
JAMES BRETT. Q. Does Beal carry on any trade? A. No—he said he was a dock labourer, and Haydon said, "How does a dock labourer come to have a gold watch in his pocket?" which he had at that time—he has been an omnibus conductor.

Beal. I am a milliner; I did work in the docks sixteen years ago.

(Lewis Levy, of Castle-street, Whitechapel, a clothier; Isaac Moss, No. 9, Rutland-street, New-road; Charles Hurley, a beer shop keeper; Henry Leary, and Nicholas St. Ledger, licensed victuallers, gave Polack a good character.)





SAMUEL BATCH
. I live at No. 9, Eaton-street, Three Colt-lane, and am a haberdasher. I have known Beal fifteen years—I always found him an honest, industrious man.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Where has he been living? A. Always about Hackney-road—I do not know the name of the street where he was living when he was taken—he had no place of business—he was in the millinery line—he has carried that on five or six years—he took the things round to haberdasher's shops—before that he was an omnibus conductor for two or three years—before that he was a newspaper agent, he had a walk, and served licensed victuallers with newspapers—he had a great many houses to serve—he carried that on for four or five years—before that he had a situation at the docks.

COURT. Q. What was he at the docks? A. A marker and sampler—he was in regular employ—I do not know whether it was at St. Katharine's Docks or London Docks.
(John Freddy, of Bethnal-green; George Hopkins, Bethnal Green-road, a haberdasher; Robert Kynaston, Union-street, Bethnal Green-road, a licensed victualler; Edward Jacobs, a retired tradesman, living at Milton; George Godier, a haberdasher, Hare-street; William Lanbeck, Pearson-street, a hearthrug weaver; and John Howe, a founder, at Hackney; also gave Beala good character.)




GUILTY
of Receiving.


(Barnett and Polack were further charged with having been before convicted)





FRANCIS LIVERMORE
 (policeman of the Great Northern Railway). I produce this certificate, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(
This certified the conviction of David Barnett at this Court in Nov., 1851, of stealing ten watches, and that he was sentenced to six months' imprisonment)—Barnett is the person.

BARNETT—
GUILTY.
(The conviction against Polack was not proved.)

BARNETT—Aged 30.

POLACK—Aged 35.

BEAL—Aged 58.






Transported for Fourteen Years.

(There was another indictment against Beal.)
