



927. 




ELIZA WILLIAMS



, stealing 1 watch, 2 chains, 2 gowns, and other articles, value 34l.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Lester, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.
MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH LESTER
. I am single. In Jan. last I lived in Queen-street, Golden-square—the prisoner had been my servant about three weeks and two days—she came to me from the workhouse—I had no apartment for her in the house, and she used to come at nine o'clock every morning—on 10th Jan. she came to my room at eight in the morning, to fetch my boots and dress, to brush them—I was in bed—I said I thought she was early; she said, "No"—I took up my watch, and said she was an hour earlier, and laid it down on the table again—she took the dress and boots, came back with a duster, and began cleaning the room—I was still in bed—she began to dust the table, and took my watch up—I told her to lay it down, as she might break it; she said, "I am going to put it in a little box in the dressing-room, where you keep it" and immediately went out of the room, shut the door, and locked me in, according to my orders—I got up in about an hour—I had not slept afterwards—I went to the little box, and my watch was not there—I rang the bell very loudly three times, and called out of the window, but the prisoner did not answer—the landlady's servant came up, and opened the door—I missed a blue silk dress, a mantle, a pair of boots, my watch and chain, some charms, and a petticoat; they were worth about 30l.





JANE CLIMPSON
. I was servant to Mr. Forster, of Queen-street, Golden-square. I left last Monday—on 10th Jan. I was coming down-stairs, and saw the prisoner go into Mrs. Lester's room—I saw her go in twice, and she said her mistress wanted her to go out directly with a parcel—I saw her leave with a bundle, about a quarter to nine—she told me once that if she got a little money, she would go to Ireland first, and then to America.





JAMES STRINGER
 (policeman). I went to Limerick, by the Magistrate's directions, and on 27th March found the prisoner at the Bridewell, in Kilpenny; her mother was there—I received this blue visite, and a duplicate for it, from one of the Irish constabulary, who said in her presence that he received it from the pawn-office, and that Mrs. Williams had pledged it—Mrs. Williams said she had pledged it, and had received it from her daughter, the prisoner, who said she knew nothing of Mrs. Lester, or of the robbery.





ELIZABETH LESTER

re-examined. This visite is mine; I lost it at the

same time as the other things—I had not directed the prisoner to go out on any message.

Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Lester hired me from the workhouse, at 1s. 3d. a week; I went to the house thinking she was a respectable lady; she went out late at night, and brought home gentlemen with her; the last week I was there, she came home drunk, and slapped my face; the night before I left, she told me to come early in the morning; when I went, she scolded me for not coming earlier; I said I was half an hour earlier than usual; she said, "You have to clean this gentleman's boots, which is the reason I wanted you early; for if he is not down by nine o'clock, he will lose his situation;" I left on account of her bad character, having heard of my father's illness the day before; there were four more bad characters in the house; she gave me the mantle, the rest of the things I know nothing about.

MRS. LESTER
re-examined. There was no one sleeping with me, and no boots but my own—I never gave her this visite—I described it with the rest.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Baron Martin.

