



687. 



JOHN CONNELL



, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CHARLES REYNOLDS
. I am assistant to the solicitor of the Mint. I produce a copy of the conviction of John Connell at this Court, in June, 1847—I have compared it with the original, it is correct—(read—Convicted at this Court, June, 1847, confined Six Months.)





GEORGE BAINES
 (policeman, N 31G.) I was present at that Session—the prisoner is the person who was then convicted.





WILLIAM JONES
. I am a pastrycook, and live in Chiswell-street. On

22nd Feb. the prisoner came to my shop about eleven o'clock at night for 6d.-worth of wine-biscuits—he gave me a sovereign—I tried it in a detector, and it was good—I gave him 19s. 6d. change—he then asked if there were any walnuts mixed with the biscuits—I said no, I had not got any—he had seen the biscuits before—he then said he was to get half walnuts, and they would not do—I gave him back the sovereign, and was preparing to take 19s. 6d., when two other men came in and asked me to serve them—the prisoner then said, "Well, if I take them, and they won't do, will you change them"—I said, "Certainly"—he then tendered me a sovereign, which I tried by the same instrument, and it was bad—I am certain it was not the same sovereign he gave me first—I seized him by the collar—I did not say anything, for there was no less than four persons in the shop—I seized him at once, and said be had been attempting to pass a bad sovereign—he struggled desperately to escape—I called for assistance, finding I could not hold him—as I was reaching across the counter, a young man who lodges with me came and seized him round the waist—he struggled, and got near the door—I ran round the counter, and ran to him; and a man deeply marked with the small-pox attempted to pull him out of the door—a neighbour or two came in, and the other two men went away—the prisoner was taken to the station—I gave the last sovereign he gave me, to the policeman—I marked it—this is it.





FRANCIS COATES
 (policeman, B 108.) I took the prisoner—I found nothing on him—I produce this sovereign.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. This is counterfeit.

Prisoner's Defence. I gave him a sovereign; whether it was good or bad I cannot say; I had but one; I did dispute about the biscuits, and he put the sovereign down; he then put it in the detector, which he had not done before.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The prisoner was stated to have been twelve times in custody for similar offences.)
