



359. 




EDWARD COGHLIN



, stealing 1 watch, value 8l. 8s.; the goods of 



Samuel Henry Freeman, in his dwelling-house.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL HENRY FREEMAN
. I am a jeweller and watch-maker, at 147, Fleet-street. On Wednesday, 2nd Jan., the prisoner came to my shop, and asked if I had got a good watch—I said I had, and showed him two or three silver ones, which I considered suitable for a man in his station of life; he looked like a sailor—he said be did not mind about 2l. or 3l. more, but he must have a good watch, it was for a present to his uncle in America—I then produced a gold one, the price of which was 8l. 18s.—he looked at it, and seemed to make up his mind, and purchase it—I laid it on the counter, and he said, "Will you say 8l. 8s."—I said no, 8l. 18s. was the price—he then asked for a good heavy chain, I showed him one—he said it was not heavy enough, had I got a heavier one—I went to the other side of the counter to get a heavier one, and a handful of pepper immediately came into my eyes, which blinded me, and when I recovered my sight the watch and the prisoner were gone—the transaction altogether did not take ten minutes—I had the opportunity of seeing his face—I have no doubt the prisoner is the man—I had never seen him before, to my knowledge—I have since seen the watch in the prisoner's possession.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When you saw him again you understood that the duplicate had been found in his possession? A. Yes—I have only been in business one month—before that I was assistant to Mr. Curtis, a pawnbroker, silversmith, and jeweller, in the Strand—I am in the habit of seeing a great many people—the prisoner was not at the shop more than ten minutes, during part of which time I reached down a chain, and got out three watches, but I was more particularly looking at him—I have never been mistaken in speaking to anybody, to my knowledge—I think I have been a witness about six times—I do not think I had had a customer all day, before the prisoner—I had a little girl directly after—I should know her again—she is a customer—I do not think any one else came—I next saw the prisoner the next evening, in custody—I am sure I am not mistaken about his being the person—I did not, to my knowledge, see him in Fleet-street the next day—I was out nearly the whole of the day, trying to find him—I did not see him go past my shop.

MR. PARRY. Q. I suppose it made a strong impression on you? A. Yes—I conversed with him, and I heard his voice after he was apprehended—I am quite satisfied he is the man.





SAMUEL SADLER
. I am assistant to Mr. Martin, a pawnbroker, of Snowhill.

This watch (produced) was pawned with me about a quarter to seven o'clock, or thereabouts, on the evening of 2nd Jan., by the prisoner—I had never before seen him, to my knowledge—I saw him on Thursday, at Guildhall—I am quite sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was he in the shop? A. Varying from five to ten minutes—we have a great many people coming in—I am not able to recollect every person who comes to the shop—I was not very much guided in this matter by understanding that the duplicate had been found on the prisoner—we have had sailors in the shop before.

COURT. Q. Did you give a duplicate to the person who pawned the watch? A. I did not, there was one written by my instructions, and I saw it given to him.





GEORGE HAGUE
. I am in the service of Mr. Cohen, a general dealer, of 67, Royal Mint-street—he is a reformed Jew—on Thursday afternoon, about four o'clock, the prisoner came to our shop, and asked me to buy the ticket of a watch—my mistress came and asked what he wanted for it—he said 1l., he had bought it in Fleet-street, and given 12l. for it, he was paid off from the Navy twelve weeks ago; he said some weeks, whether it was three or twelve—I think it was twelve—he said nothing about having picked up the duplicate in King William-street—I went, at my mistress's direction, to the pawnbroker's, taking 3l. 10s. 10 1/2d. with me, to get it out, for my mistress to see if she would buy it—my mistress asked the prisoner if he would go with me—he said no, and she invited him into the parlour—when I got to the pawnbroker's, a policeman came in—he took the 3l. 10s. 10 1/2d., came back with me, and took the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. It was worth more than 3l. 10s.? A. I cannot say—the policeman took the prisoner at a coffee-shop opposite our house—the boy went, and fetched him out—he did not see the policeman in the shop—he was in plain clothes—the prisoner did not attempt to go away.





JANE COHEN
. I am the wife of Mr. Cohen, a general dealer, of Royal Mint-street. On Thursday, the 3rd, the prisoner came with the ticket for a watch—he wanted 1l. for it—he said he bought it three weeks before—the ticket was for the night before, and he said he pawned it himself—I sent Hague to make inquiry—I would have purchased it of him if I had thought he had come honestly by it.

Cross-examined. Q. You never before said that he said he pawned it himself? A. I do not remember—he said he bought the watch himself, three weeks before.





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City-policeman, 221). I inquired at Mr. Martin's about the watch—Hague came in—I got the watch from the pawnbroker's, and went back with Hague to Mr. Cohen's—I was in plain clothes—I saw the prisoner in the street—he was brought over by a boy, and I took him into custody—I told him I took him for having possession of a duplicate of a watch that was stolen—he said he found it in King William-street—he was taken to the station, searched, and this pepper (produced) I found in his right-hand trowsers-pocket—he said he picked the ticket and the pepper up in King William-street—he gave his name "James Jones," but I found a letter in his pocket in the name of "Edward Coglin."

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say it was near the statue in King William-street? A. I do not recollect—that is all the pepper I found in his pocket—I am sure it is pepper, but I think there has been tobacco among it—I said before the Magistrate that he said he found it in King William-street, and the prisoner corrected me, saying that he said he found it in Newgate-street.






SAMUEL HENRY FREEMAN

re-examined. The watch produced is the one that was snatched away—I had not sold it three weeks before for 12l.
(Charlotte Slade, a dressmaker, of 30, Curzon-street, and Mary Wiles, wife of a carman, of Pentonville, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

