



573. 




HUET
 (Christian name unknown) was indicted

for forging and uttering a bill of Exchange, with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
OVEREND
conducted the Prosecution.






DAVID BARCLAY CHAPMAN, ESQ
. I am a partner in the house of Messrs. Gurney, Overend, and Co., money dealers, in the City. On 14th April last I received this letter by the post, containing these two bills (read: "MESSRS. Gurney, Overend, and Co. Bradford, Yorkshire, April 13, 1853. Gentlemen,—Having to meet some rather heavy cash payments on Friday next, for wool purchases in the neighbourhood of Liverpool, I have taken the liberty of enclosing two bills of Exchange, one upon Messrs. Armitage Brothers, for 474l. 18s. and the other on Messrs. James Acroyd and Sons, for 388l. 10s. 9d. I need scarcely say your kindly remitting me the cash for the same to the Stork Hotel, Liverpool, will be deemed by me a great favour; and I am com pelled to beg of you so to do by Thursday's post, having to pay the same on Friday morning. I feel that I am requesting a great favour at your hands, but in excuse, I can only urge the difference of discount charged here and in London." Signed, "John Adamson and Sons")—(The bills were both at two months, purporting to be drawn and endorsed by John Adamson and Sons, and accepted by the parties stated in the letter)—I know a firm of Adamson and

Sons; they are in the wool trade at Bradford—I am not aware that we had ever done business for them; but I happened to know them, because they are the agents of Mr. Joseph Pease, who everybody knows, and who is a great friend of myself and Mr. Gurney—when I received these bills I paused, I did not like them—I wrote a letter as desired, directed to Mr. Adamson, at the Stork Hotel, Liverpool, and also sent a letter to Messrs. Harris, bankers, at Bradford—that was for the purpose of ascertaining whether the bills were genuine or not—this (produced) is the letter I sent to the Stork Hotel.





EDWARD ADAMSON
. I am one of the firm of John Adamson and Sons We carry on business in the wool trade at Bradford—there is no other firm there of that name—no part of this letter or of these bills is in my handwriting, nor in the handwriting of any of our firm, or of any person in our establish-ment—neither the drawing or endorsement of these bills is the writing of any of our firm—we had no occasion to draw upon these acceptors—both the transactions were quite unknown to us—(looking at two other letters) neither of these are written by any person connected with our firm.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How may partners are there in your firm. A. My father, myself, and a younger brother—my father's name is John—both my father and brother take an active part in the business—neither of them are here—I never had any transaction with the prisoner—I know nothing whatever of him—I have never seen him in company with my father or brother.





HENRY ACROYD
. I am a partner in the firm of James Acroyd and Sons, manufacturers and merchants, at Halifax. The acceptance of "James Acroyd and Sons" to this bill is not mine, nor is it the handwriting of any of our firm, or of any person connected with our establishment—I do not recollect ever having had a single transaction with Messrs. Adamson—I am not aware of any other firm of our name at Halifax.

Cross-examined. Q. How many partners are there in your firm? A. Two, myself and brother—my father is not living—I know nothing at all of the prisoner.





GEORGE ARMITAGE
. I am a merchant, carrying on business at Hudders field. I have three partners—the firm is "Armitage, Brothers"—the accept ance to this bill is not mine, or either of my brothers, nor is it the writing of any person connected with our establishment—there is no firm of our name at Huddersfield besides ours—we have no account with Messrs. Adamson.

Cross-examined. Q. You know nothing of the prisoner, I believe? A. Nothing whatever.





HENRY THOMAS HITCHINS
. I am acquainted with the prisoner—I have seen him write often—I am well acquainted with his handwriting—these two bills are his handwriting, the whole of them—I believe the acceptances are his writing, as well as the rest, and the endorsements, also—I say the same of this letter, and also of these two other letters.

COURT. Q. Where does be live? A. I do not know—I knew him in London.

Cross-examined. Q. Where do you reside? A. I am at present at Hake's Hotel, Duke-street, Manchester-square—the prisoner is related to me by marriage—I have had quarrels with him—I have never expressed a determi nation to get him out of the country, if I could—these bills are in the ordinary handwriting of the prisoner, without the slightest disguise, and the letter also—I assisted the prisoner in endeavouring to procure him an appointment abroad, but I have not in any other way tried to get him out of the country—I have not, since I heard of this matter, said that this was a good opportunity of getting him out of the country—I swear that.


Q. Did you go to Messrs. Gurney to see these bills? A. I went to Messrs. Gurney to ask if they could do anything in letting him off—I saw the bills there—I did not go there for the purpose of seeing them—I after-wards saw a woman who calls herself the prisoner's wife—I am not aware that she is his wife—I have not the least knowledge that she is his wife—I should not call her a gentlewoman—I never told her that I had seen the bills, and that they were not in the prisoner's handwriting—I deny it on my oath—I never told her anything of the kind.

MR. OVEREND. Q. For what purpose did you go to Messrs. Gurney? A. To see if there was any opportunity of getting this man relieved from the horrid charge against him.





GEORGE FREDERICK GOODMAN
. I live at Grove-terrace, Chiswick. I know the prisoner, and am acquainted with his handwriting—(looking at the docu ments produced) I believe this letter to be his writing, the second letter like-wise, also the memorandum, the drawer's name, and the endorsement, and the same with the second bill.

COURT. Q. Do you mean you believe this "Bradford, Yorkshire," to be his handwriting? A. No, I do not—I cannot say that the body of the bill is his—I do not think it is—I cannot speak to the body of either bill—I have no doubt whatever as to this letter, nor of these other letters.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever seen this gentleman write more than once. A. No, T have not, and then only to sign his name; but I have since received a letter from him—it was in Dec, 1851, that I saw him write—I know Captain Hitchins—he did not find me out to give evidence of this handwriting—I believe it was Sergeant Whicher—I saw him here this morning—I have seen Captain Hitchins a dozen, or perhaps twenty times, but only upon matters of business—Whicher did not come to me with a message from him—Captain Hitchins has not asked me to come here and prove this matter, not in any way.

MR. OVEREND. Q. When was it you received a letter from the prisoner? A. (Referring to it) It is dated "Aster House, New York, 5 Jan., 1852"—I am able from that to speak with confidence as to the handwriting.

COURT. Q. Did you afterwards communicate personally with the prisoner as to the contents of that letter? A. No.

MR. OVEREND. Q. Did you do anything in pursuance of that letter? A. Yes; I have had no opportunity of communicating with the prisoner since about what I did. (MR. BARON ALDERSON
did not think under these circum stances the witness could refer to the letter.)





EDWARD COULSTON THOMAS
. I keep the Stork Hotel, at Liverpool. On 15th April I received this letter (read, "To Mr. Thomas, Stork Hotel, Liver-pool, 14th April, 1853. Sir,—Having been unexpectedly obliged to alter my usual journey, I find I cannot be in Liverpool, as I had appointed. Should, therefore, any letters arrive at your house, which I am in full expec-tation of, addressed either to J. Adamson, or J. Adamson and Sons, I shall esteem it a very great favour your causing the same to be immediately trans-mitted by return of post, addressed to me at Morley's Hotel, in London. I enclose six postage stamps to cover the postage of the same, and remain yours, faithfully, John Adamson")—after the receipt of that letter, I received a second letter, which I re-directed according to the instructions in this—this is the letter (the one sent by Mr. Chapman)—I directed it to Morley's Hotel.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not know the prisoner at all? A. I do not.





JAMES MACLEAN
. I am a street-sweeper in Palace-yard. On 16th April last, between 10 and 11 o'clock, I was in New Palace-yard at my crossing,

on the Parliament-street side—the prisoner came up to me, and asked if I had any objection to do a bit of a job for him—I said no—he gave me a note, and told me I was to take it to Morley's Hotel, Charing-cross, and get some letters—he gave as a reason for employing me that the porter was not in the way at the hotel—I did not ask him what hotel—I asked him where I was to deliver the letters, and he told me at the King's Head—there is no Such house—there is the King's Arms—I thought he might have made a mistake—he came out of the King's Arms, and I thought he meant that—I went with his letter to Morley's Hotel, and delivered it—the porter told me no letters had arrived that morning for Mr. Adamson—this is the note I took—I then came away, and went to the King's Arms—I inquired if Mr. Adam-son was there, and they did not know such a person—I then went to Fendall's Hotel, and made inquiry there, and then I went to my crossing—after I had been there some little time a person who had Been the prisoner send me with the letter, came up to me, and gave me some information, in consequence of which I went to the passage by St. Margaret's Church, and there found the prisoner—he was standing in the passage—I went up to him, and told him that I had been to the hotel, but could not see him there, and I said, "There were no letters for you this morning, Sir; but the porter told me there might be some in the afternoon"—he asked me if I would go in the afternoon—he told me it would not be convenient for him to meet me there, that I was to meet him in front of the Horse Guards, in the open space on the park side—he gave me 1s. for my trouble—I offered him the note back, and said, "Here is the note, Sir," and he said, "Take the note if you go in the afternoon"—I afterwards gave the note to the policeman—I had it in my possession when I was taken to Scotland-yard.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have 'you occupied this crossing? A. About fifteen months—it is the crossing from Fendall's Hotel to Westminster Hall—I am occasionally sent on messages for papers by gentlemen connected with the courts, and also from the House.





WILLIAM BLACKER
 (policeman, A 213.) On Saturday, 16th April, I was watching near Morley's Hotel—about half-past 10 o'clock I saw M' Lean go in, and afterwards come out again; I followed him to the King's Arms, Bridge-street, Westminster—he then went to another house, and afterwards to his crossing—I subsequently saw him go across to the passage between the garden and the Abbey, and there I saw the prisoner—I saw M' Lean go up to him, and they stood there together for about a minute or two, apparently in conversation—I saw the prisoner with some silver in his hand; I saw him give M' Lean something, I could not say what it was, and M' Lean came away—I then went up to the prisoner, and asked him if his name was Adamson—he said it was not—I asked him if he had sent that man, pointing to M' Lean, to Morley's Hotel for some letters addressed to Mr. Adamson, that he expected from Liverpool—he said he did not send him there—I then told him that he must consider himself in my custody upon a charge of forgery that he had committed in Yorkshire—he said, "Oh!" and was very much agitated.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you generally find persons not very well pleased when you take them into custody? A. I should say they were not—I was not in plain clothes—I put these questions to him before I told him what the charge was; I thought that was right—I had seen him speaking to M' Lean—I had spoken to M' Lean before that, and when he left the prisoner I made a motion to him, and he said, "That is the man"—I put the questions to him for the purpose of taking him into custody.


COURT. Q. Had you any communication with M' Lean at an earlier part of the day? A. When he came out of the King's Arms I went and spoke to him.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

