





1214. 




JOHN WHITE,


 HENRY PAULTON
, and 




GEORGE WIXCEY



, stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; and 1 half-crown, 1 shilling, and 1 farthing; the property of 



Emily Amelia Hunt: Wixcey having been before convicted.






EMILY AMELIA HUNT
. I am tingle; I live in Manner's-street, Blackfriars-road. On 19th April, I went into a coffee-house in Waterloo-road, about two o'clock in the moruing—I had a cup of coffee—I sat down by the side of White—I had not known him before—in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour he got up and left the house—I missed my purse, and my pocket was cut—I had had in my purse a half-crown, a shilling, and a farthing—I had it safe when I went into the coffee-house, and paid for the coffee out of it—I spoke to the people of the coffee-house, and then went to the police—I have not got my money or purse since.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. What are you? A. I have been in service, but I have been very ill the last month or six weeks, and not able to go—I had been to the theatre, and had had a glass of ale—the theatre was over at twelve o'clock—we had a walk—I think it was a little before two when I got to the coffee-house—I was not there longer than half an hour—I had no conversation with White, nor he with me—there were a great many people there; I spoke to none of them—I was not asleep; I was half-dozing—my eyes were shut.





GEORGE SAMUEL DURRANT
. I was in the coffee-shop where the protecutrix was—the three prisoners were there—Wixcey was sitting in a box on the other side—White changed places with a man, and sat close to the prosecutrix—Paulton was standing by the fire-place—while the prosecutrix was sitting by White, I saw him lift up her clothes—he said to Wixcey be wanted a chive,


and Wixcey gave him a knife—Whit then lifted up her clothes again, cut a hole in her pocket, and took a little bead purse out—he then got up and walked out—the other two prisoners walked after him—I went out after they left, and saw Wixcey standing about with his basket of oysters.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A potter; I had been to the theatre, and was too late to get in at home—I went to the coffee-house next door to the theatre—I had a cup of coffee—I went to sleep; I cannot say for how long—I went in about one o'clock—perhaps it was about two when I went to sleep—I slept till about four—White was not talking to the prosecutrix; he sat by her—that was about a quarter before four—I was sitting right opposite—she was asleep—I did not say anything.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-sergeant, L 8). I went to Charles-street, Waterloo-road, and took White and Paulton in charge.





HENRY HOUOHAM
 (policeman, L 159.) I produce a certificate of Wixcey's conviction at Newington—read—(Convicted March, 1846, and confined twenty-one days)—he is the person.

WHITE—


GUILTY
.† Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.


PAULTON—


NOT GUILTY
.

WIXCEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

