




1110. 




MICHAEL CONNELL
 was again indicted

 for a robbery on 



Susannah Blanchfield, and stealing 1 purse, 1 half-sovereign, and 2 half-crowns; her property.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






SUSANNAH BLANCHFIELD
. I am a widow. I was in Mr. Skurry's service up to 5th April, when I received 13s. 4d. for a months' wages, which I put into a leather purse—I did not put that exact money in, but I put a half-sovereign and two half-crowns—the half-sovereign was to pay a debt with—about seven or eight o'clock in the evening, I spoke to the female prisoner in Knightsbridge, and by her direction accompanied Mrs. Jewell to a house in Exeter-place—nothing was settled as to what I was to pay for my lodging, but I intended to have tendered 1s. for it and my breakfast in the morning—I had tea there with Mrs. Jewell—the male prisoner was there, and afterwards went out—about half-past eleven, I laid down on the bed with my clothei on—I had my purse then safe in my pocket—after I had been in bed some time, my attention was called by the male prisoner feeling about me—he held his left-hand fist clenched over my head, and with his right hand felt for my pocket—I was going to screech, and he said if I made any alarm, or showed any resistance, be would smash my b—y brains out—I saw my purse in his hand, and he concealed it in his bosom—the money I had loose in my pocket remained—the child was lying on the bed, and there was no one in the room but the prisoner, the child, and me—Mrs. Jewell must have been a very little distance from the room—Mrs. Connell came in, and flew into a dreadful rage, and afterwards Mrs. Jewell came in—I screamed when the struggle commenced between Mrs. Jewell and the woman, and the landlord and two other persons came down—I went out of the house—when I got outside, I saw Mitchener and another young man. and told them I had been robbed and very much ill-used—I was scarcely able to speak, but I recollect telling them that on the Sunday morning I went to Mrs. Miller's, and told her I had been robbed and very much ill-used.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you want to buy a pistol of me? A. No; I did not send you for any gin—I did not ask you to go to bed with me—I did not tell you to stop till I undid my drawers—you pould not have known I wore drawers only by robbing me—I did not undo them, or even take my shawl off—I have no recollection of a person of the name of Joy being there—I saw no female except Mrs. Jewell—there was no gin brought—I had had a glass of porter at four o'clock.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you drawers on? A. Yes; my pocket is the next thing but one to my drawers—a person attempting to put his hand to my pocket would find I had drawers.





THOMAS MITCHENER
. I saw Blanchfield on the Sunday morning—she appeared perfectly sober—she had no bonnet on, and her shawl was over her head—she said she had been robbed of her purse, and that it was a good job she had not taken her boxes there.





GEORGE TEWSLEY
 (policeman, B 17). About one o'clock on the morning of 6th April, I received information of the death of Caroline Jewell, went to a house in Exeter-place, and took the male prisoner—I searched him at the station, and found no purse on him—I did not then know of any robbery having been committed.
(Thomasine Skurry, Sarah Miller, and George Fines, gave the same evidence as in the last case.)

The prisoner called






ANN JOY
. I live at 14, Hooper's-buildings, Knightsbridge. I know the

Prisoner, and know the kitchen he occupied—on 5th April, was there about half-past six o'clock in the afternoon, and brought Blanchfield to the house—I brought her from the prisoner's wife in Knightsbridge, by her direction—the prisoner came home in about ten minutes—Mrs. Blanchfield sent me out for two 6d.-worths' of gin, and I had a share of it—the prisoner had some the second;—Mrs. Blanchfield looked at an old pistol, and asked the prisoner if he would sell it;—he said, "Yes, will you give two shillings?"—she said, "No"—he said, "One shilling?"—she said, "Yes" put her hand into her pocket, and laughed, and said, "Well, I have not got enough money to pay you?"—I left about ten minutes to seven with the prisoner's wife, and left them there and Mrs. Jewell.

MR. CLERK. Q. Are you married? A. No; I live with my father, mother, brother, and sister—Mrs. Blanchfield drank some of the gin—Mrs. Jewell was at the fire when I brought Mrs. Blanchfield in—Mrs. Connell came to my house about two o'clock on the Sunday morning—it was there the was found in bed with two men; they were my father and brother—I picked up Mrs. Connell's cap in the morning; it had hair in it—I showed it her, and she told me to burn it—it was much lighter than her own hair—Mrs. Jewell's hair was light—I burnt it.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

