



724. 




FRANCIS MEAD



, feloniously killing and slaying 



Mary Mead. He was also charged on the Coroner's Inquisition with a like offence.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS BURKE
. I live at No. 17, Spring-gardens, Pimlico. Mary Mead was my sister; she was the wife of the prisoner; they lived at Henry-street, Portland-town—I saw her on Monday night, 30th May, previous to her death—she died between 9 and 10 o'clock; the prisoner was present—when I went into the room she was in a very bad state, not fit to say much—she spoke to me before she died, and the prisoner heard what she said—all she said was, "Is this Tommy?"—I said, "Yes"—she said, "Give me your hand;" and I gave her my hand, and she had it in hers for five or six minutes, and said, "Where is Frank?"—I said, "Here"—she said, "Give me both your hands together in my hand"—we did so; but she said no more after that, she died then, and I stopped a few minutes, but could not stop any longer; I was supporting her up, and I said to a cousin of mine, "You take ray place, I cannot support her any longer;" and she expired a few minutes afterwards.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long had she been

married? A. I cannot say; I have been in London sixteen years, and she must have been married four or five years before I came to London—I have not seen her for the last seven or eight months—she was not a sober person.





HANNAH GRAY
. I am a widow, and live in Henry-street, in the same house as the prisoner. I knew his wife—they occupied the front parlour—on Saturday night, 28th May, a little after 12 o'clock, I heard a scream at the bottom of the house; I went down to the door of the prisoner's room, and he closed it just as I got there—I heard the little boy cry out, "Oh, father, you have killed my mother; she is dead"—I unlatched the door as fast as I could, and the prisoner had not returned from the door then after shutting it—he was in the act of taking his wife up by the hair; he swung her round, and knocked one cane bottomed chair down, and the next to it as well, the baby's chair; and he threw her into a corner of the room on a little bed on the floor, and said, "Go to bed to your child, you b—r"—the baby was sitting on the foot of the bed, screaming ready to go into fits—I said to the prisoner, "Don't ill use that poor afflicted creature, don't ill use her"—directly he returned from the bed I retired from the room, and stood outside for I dare say ten minutes, and heard his wife talking to him; but being up in a corner I could not distinctly hear what it was, but he was accusing her of spending some money, and the little boy said, "Father, mother has not spent the money; she gave it to me to fetch something in"—he told his father that she had given him 1s. to buy a pair of shoes, which were in the drawer, and tried to smoothes his father from going at her again—he said, two or three times over, "Don't father, don't father, my mother is dead"—after I left the room the deceased called out a time or two, on which the prisoner said he would give her something presently for hallooing—I went away after that, and saw so more till the Monday—she was then upright in bed in a sitting posture; she was such a size that she could not lie down—her eyes and face were in a dreadful state, and very much discoloured; every part of her was swelled just ready to burst—she could just see out of the corner of one eye—she spoke to me when I went to the bedside, and asked me how my daughter was, who had been very ill; I told her she was a great deal better, and with difficulty she said she was very glad—that was all that passed, and I went out of the room immediately—she could scarcely speak.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen her on the Saturday? A. Yes, a great many times; she then appeared better than she had for a length of time—she had not been drinking when I saw her at 20 minutes past 8—she did not fall down stairs in our house, a day or two before—I never heard of it—I did not see the prisoner on the Saturday till just as the public houses closed—he did not appear to me to be drunk—I do not think he was much the worse for liquor when this occurred—I had not been in his company, but he walked up and down the street just before as comfortable as possible—I do not think he was any the worse for liquor—I do not know what he had had—he only passed me at the front door at 12 o'clock, to go to the public house—it was closed, and he came home—I may have said I thought he was half tipsy, but he was not tipsy.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Had you seen him walk? A. Yes; from our house down to the Pitt's Head and back again, as straight as a man could walk, and if he had been tipsy he could not have done that, and I do not consider that he was tipsy.





FRANCIS MEAD
. I am the prisoner's son, and am just eleven years old.

I was present when my mother died, about 11 o'clock on Monday night—on the Saturday night before that, my mother and I took tea together, my father was at home lying down on the boards asleep—my mother had not been well—after tea I and my little sister went out—we came back between 7 and 8 o'clock—I then went out again, and came back about half past 10 o'clock—my mother was then lying down on the boards by the side of my father, with the baby—she was not asleep, but the baby was going off to sleep—about half or three quarters of an hour after that my father and mother had some words about some money that my father bad given to my mother, and he suspected her of spending some of the money—he hit my mother in the face with his fist, and knocked her down—he then kicked her twice here (on the hip) while she was lying on the boards—as he did that he said something in his own language, Irish—I did not understand what it was—I cannot remember whether my mother said anything to him—Mrs. Gray did not come into the room at all; all she did was just to open the door, and put her head in, and as soon as she had done that she went out again—I cannot remember what my father was doing to my mother at the time Mrs. Gray came—there was a bed in the room—my mother was not near it; she was up against the door—she was on the bed afterwards, because my father put her on it by the two arms—he did not drag her there, be lifted her up off the ground by her arms—I was very much frightened when I saw this going on—one of the chairs was knocked over, but only one—I cannot say whether that was done at the time my father had got my mother by the arms—my mother was not able to walk after that, only by holding by something—she was able to walk before he struck and kicked her—my father afterwards went and fetched a medical man—my father had his boots on when he kicked my mother—he has a lame foot, with a laced clump boot on it—it was with that foot that be kicked my mother—it had the dump on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had your mother been out on that Saturday? A. She went out to bring home my father—he spoke to her about spending money in drink—that is what the quarrel was about—I am sure he lifted her by the arms when he put her on the bed—the little baby was crying in my arms, she was not on the bed; she cried from the commencement of the quarrel to almost the latter end.





DUCKWORTH JOHN NELSON
. I am a member of the Royal College of Surgeons, practising at St. John's Wood. I knew the deceased for some time—I was called on Sunday morning, 29th May, between 10 and 11 o'clock, and found her sitting up in bed, breathing with great difficulty—her eyes were bandaged—I observed bruises about her arms, and considerable distention from the escape of air underneath the skin, indicating that the lungs had been wounded—the tenth and eleventh ribs on the left side were fractured—she was perfectly sensible—her husband was in the room, and while he was there she said that she met with an accident by falling down stairs over a pail or a bucket—I saw her again on the Monday morning, between 6 and 6 o'clock—the prisoner was present, and I asked him to retire, and then had a conversation with her; it appeared to me that she was conscious of the dangerous state in which she was—I do not know whether she expected immediate death, but her condition was manifestly dangerous, and I think she was impressed with that condition.

COURT. Q. Did you communicate to her that she might expect almost immediately to die? A. No, she did not say anything to me expressive of an expectation of immediately dying—my opinion was that her lifew as in danger, and I thought she must have perceived that her disease was dan-

gerous from my calling twice in one day, and the house surgeon once; making three visits in a day.

The Court considered that there was not sufficient proof of the deceased being in immediate apprehension of death, to make, what she stated in the prisoner's absence, inadmissible in evidence.


MR. HUDDLBSTON. Q. Did you make a post-mortem examination? A. I did; on the Thursday morning, by order of the Coroner—I found a small clot of blood between the scalp and the skull, about the size of a shilling—on removing the skull, I found no remarkable indication of disease—I found the tenth and eleventh ribs on the left side broken—the inflammation which resulted from the fractured ribs was the cause of her death—I have heard the evidence, and believe that the kicks I have heard described would be sufficient to account for the injuries I found on the ribs.

Cross-examined. Q. If the kick had been sufficiently strong and violent it would have caused it; but a fall down stairs would have caused a fracture? A. Certainly—the ribs being fractured, the edge of the bone presented a very acute point, and penetrated through the pleura into the lungs; I believe that her death resulted from inflammation of the pleura—I had been treating her before for disease of the lungs; she had bronchitis, and also a disease called emphysema. in which the lungs present the character of large vescicles, resulting from dilated or ruptured air cells, probably both.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. You say the ribs perforated the lungs? A. Yes; that was the effect of the fracture: which might have been produced by the kicks described—I believe that the inflammation which followed from the puncture of the pleura by the broken ribs, was the cause of death—the dilation of the lungs was in a very different part—there were no morbid indications in the lungs at that part, which would in my judgment be the cause of death; but she had had that disease for some years, and it might eventually have caused her death, if this had not taken place.





GEORGE EDMUND SMALE
. I am a surgeon. I assisted in the post-mortem examination of the deceased—in my judgment the broken ribs were the cause of death—the ribs might have been broken by the kicks which I have heard described—the injuries were quite recent.

Cross-examined. Q. The broken ribs might have been produced by a fall down stairs? A. Yes; the prisoner fetched me—I had been attending the deceased before, and had frequently seen her at the Dispensary, and prescribed for her.





MARY WYNNE
. I am a widow, and live at Victoria-terrace, Portland-road. On Sunday, 29th May, I went to see the deceased—the prisoner was sitting by the side of the bed, and I asked him how it happened—he said it was from the effects of drink; that she called upon him on the Saturday, and he asked her to have something to drink; that he was in company with some other persons, and she would not have it, and he came home and laid down to sleep, and when he got up he found her lying before the fire, and she was so afraid of him that she ran down stairs, and broke her ribs—I stopped with her till 10 minutes past 11 o'clock by the clock in the house—about 6 o'clock she requested to see a clergyman, and the prisoner said, "If you have anything to say, say it before Mrs. Wynne"—she called him to her bedside, and said, "Francis, I am worse"—he held his head over, and I beard her say something; I could not hear what; but he said, "If you have got anything to say, here is Mrs. Wynne, your old acquaintance, speak out"—she said, "What do you want me to say?" in a very short tone—she then said, "I forgive you, and the Lord forgive you; take care of my children, and do not beat Frankey. "






EMMA RICHARDSON
 (examined by
MR. M. PRENDE ROAST). I live in the same house. On the Sunday after this took place the little boy came to me with a message that his mother wanted to see me, and I went down and saw her; she was in bed—the prisoner was not present—the deceased was in great agony, and told me that she was going to die—when I went into her room site was in a kneeling position in the bed, and I scarcely knew her—she said, "Mrs. Richardson, I am dying; come to me, and I will tell you"—I said, "Good God! Mrs. Mead, what has happened?"—she said, "We went out yesterday; you know we were teetotallers, but we took a drop to drink, and glory be to God, some one over-persuaded me, and I took half a glass of gin, and the share of a pot of beer"—she was in great agony, and I got some vinegar to put to her head—I asked her how her ribs were broken, and she said that Doctor Nelson had been to see her, and that she had had a fall down stairs, and broke her ribs—I went to the Dispensary, and the doctor came back with me.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Was the prisoner in the room at the time? A. No; this is my deposition (looking at it)—it was read over to me before I signed it—the prisoner was in the room when the deceased told Dr. Nelson, but not when she told me first; and when Dr. Nelson came into the room he asked her how it was, and she said she had had a fall—me and my sister were there, and assisted the doctors in stripping her.

COURT. Q. She appeared to you to be in immediate apprehension of dying? A. Yes; she told me she was dying directly I entered the room.

COURT
to
MR. NELSON. Q. What did she say to you on the Sunday? A. There were two statements made—she at one time stated in the prisoner's presence, that she met with an accident by falling down stairs, and I took a subsequent opportunity of asking her in the prisoner's absence, and she said the same thing—the last statement was made on Monday, in the prisoner's absence; but both times she said the same thing.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Ten Years


