



1658. 




JOHN TAYLOR



, stealing 1 gelding, value 10l.; I saddle and 1 bridle, value 6s.; the goods of 



John Elliott, his master; having been before convicted.






HANNAH ELLIOTT
. I live at East Ham, and am the widow of Mr. John Elliott; he died on 1st June. On 20th May I had a horse and cart—they were the property of my husband then—the prisoner was in his service, and went out every morning with milk—he went out that morning with the horse and cart, but I did not see him go—he returned, and at eight o'clock I saw him ride out of the yard with the pony, and the saddle and bridle—he did not come back, and I sent for the police—about a month afterwards I went to Mr. Evans, at Royston, I there saw the horse and saddle and bridle, which the prisoner had taken away—the horse was worth more than 10l. to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. I suppose the prisoner had been in the habit of riding this pony? A. He took the milk to London every morning, and when he came back he took the pony to the marsh, which he

did that morning—he came back a few days ago, and said he was very sorry for what he had done.





JOHN EVANS
. I live at Royston. On 20th May, I saw the prisoner with a dun gelding, and a saddle and bridle—he sold me the gelding, and left the saddle and bridle with me, and said he would come back for them—I kept the gelding in the stable in my yard.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Mrs. Elliott? A. I know her by seeing her, I did not know her at that time—the prisoner came to me with the horse on the Sunday night—he slept at my house on the Sunday night—I keep the Windmill public-house—he sold me the horse the next morning—I did not know him before—if he had not come and asked me, I should not have bought it—I gave him 50s. for it—I thought it was plenty—he did not ask me to lend him the money—he asked me to buy it on the Sunday afternoon—I said no, I would not buy a horse on a Sunday—I did not tell him to stop, but he did stop, and I bought it on Monday morning—he asked me 3l. for it—I did not buy the bridle and saddle, because I did not want them—I did not want the horse, bat I bought it—the prisoner paid his bill.





CHARLES COLYER
 (policeman, K 30). On 30th Aug. the prisoner came and told me he came to give himself up to me—he said he could not stand it any longer; he could not get any work, and he was afraid to seek for it—he said he had stolen Mrs. Elliott's horse.

MRS. ELLIOTT
re-examined. I saw my horse at the Windmill Inn, at Royston—I have not been trying to get this matter settled, and to get the value of the pony—this paper is not my writing; it is not about the pony, it is about some furniture—I authorised this paper to be sent, but it is about some furniture—they have been continually coming to me about the pony, and wanting me to settle the matter—I said I must do my duty.





THOMAS DELABERTOUCHE
 (policeman, K 144). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court, by the name of John Drake—(read—"Convicted October, 1848;confined three months"—I was present, the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

