



1007. 




JOHN SMITH



, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin: having been before convicted.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BELLAMY
. I produce a certified copy of the conviction of John Smith—it was procured from Mr. Clark's office.





JAMES BROWN
 (policeman, M 55). I remember John Smith being convicted at this Court, on 2nd Feb., 1852, on a charge of passing bad money—he was confined six months—the prisoner is the man—(certificate read).





ANN THURLOW
. I am a tobacconist, and live at Pimlico. On 95th Sept. the prisoner came to my shop, about 8 o'clock in the evening, for a pennyworth of tobacco—he offered a bad sixpence—I gave him the tobacco, and he took it out of the shop—I noticed the sixpence—I sent a person after him—he came back—he gave me the tobacco and change—I gave him the sixpence back—I had put the sixpence into my month and bit it—it was very soft—he said he did not know it was bad, and be could net have the tobacco? He had no more money about him—this is the sixpence (looking at it)—I know it by the mark where I bit it in my mouth.

Prisoner. Q. What did you do with that sixpence? A. Gave it you back, and you gave me the tobacco and change.





CHARLES HUNTER FROMANT
. I live in Ebury-street, Pimlico. On 25th Sept. the prisoner came to my shop, about 10 o'clock in. the evening, for a set of shirt studs—I offered him a set for a shilling—he said he could not afford that, he had got but sixpence—I said, "Here is a tarnished set you can have for sixpence"—he stood considering, and at last he said, "I will take them"—as he was giving me the sixpence he turned and said, "I will have this set"—I said, "No; these are 8d."—he then said, "Give me the six-pence back"—I said, "No; it won't do, this is bad"—he told me he did not know it was bad—I said I would send for a policeman—he said, "I hope you won't lock me up, master?"—I said, "Where is your pal?"—he said, "I have got no pal"—but I had seen one with him, about his own size—I sent for the policeman, and gave him the sixpence.





WILLIAM LITTLE
 (policeman). I took the prisoner—the last witness gave me this sixpence—the prisoner said, "It is a shame to lock me up"—I said, "I must take you, the gentleman gave you in charge"—the prisoner said he had no abode nor any occupation.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. This is counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

