



523. 




JEAN JEROME EXUPERE EDWARD BREQUE



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 42l. 10s. 6d., with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN JACOB SCHWEITZER
. I am a varnish manufacturer, and live at 28, Poole-street, New North-road. The prisoner was in my service up to 17th Jan., 1852, when I discharged him—he had been with me under an agreement from 20th Jan. 1851—it was an agreement for a year—his position was as clerk and traveller, when required—he understood English very well—he is a native of France—it was his duty to correspond with some of my French customers—on 20th Dec. 1851, I left home with Mrs. Schweitzer, about half past 4 o'clock in the afternoon; I was going out with her—before leaving I told the prisoner that two letters would come in during the day, and they were to be answered by return of post; one was from an agent of mine, named Fellme, in Paris, and the other from a customer named Audient, of Verdun—I gave him, on rough paper, a sketch of what was to be the purport of the reply—I intended to remain until he had completed the letters, but my wife came in just at the time these directions were given; she beard part of them, and she urged me to go out—I said, "I cannot go at this moment, because the foreign post is not off"—she said, "Is there much to do?"—I said, "No; not particular, except letters, and the instructions are already detailed"—she said, "Can you not sign them at the bottom and be off?" and at her instance I committed this nonsense; I put my name to the bottom of the two papers, in blank—this (produced) I believe to be one of the half sheets of paper I so signed—it was a similar paper to this—I signed two blank sheets, and directed the prisoner to fill them up with the letters to my correspondents—I then went out with my wife—I returned about six in the evening—I saw the prisoner, I asked him whether he had dispatched the letters in time for the post of that day—he said he had—his pay was up that day, he asked for it, and I gave it him—it was 4l. 6s. 8d., his salary was 52l. a year—I did not authorise him to write this letter—the body of it is his writing, the signature is my own; it is addressed to my bankers at Rouen, Messrs. Jullien—the prisoner was aware that I did business with them—I remember saying at the police court that I did business with them, and that the prisoner was aware of it; upon which he said, "You need not call that witness,

I have had the money, and I can account for it"—this is the letter—(translating it—"London, 11th Feb. 1852; to Messrs. J. B. Jullien, bankers, Rouen: We acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 7th of the current month, which replied to mine of the 5th; the traveller, Mr. Breque, will find himself in your town to-morrow, or the day after, and we shall feel obliged to you to count him over the sum of 42l. 10s. 6d., calculated at the exchange of that day in your town in French money; this sum is due to him by us by way of settlement of accounts; if in case you have not this sum to our credit in cash, of which to cover yourselves with, if you can count him the sum over on the bills which will become due to our credit, the present, with his receipt, which we beg you will ask of him, will serve you as a guarantee; as you do not know the person, if you require it, you may accompany him to Mr. Foubert, a solicitor, in your town, who will recognise him, and in case you should not pay him this sum, oblige by letting him have this letter back; receive our salutations, &c."—here follows, "I O U the sum of 42l. 10s. 6d., 11th Feb. 1852"—that is in English, and then comes my signature—that is a correct translation—the prisoner's year was up in Jan.—he had left my service at the date which the letter bears—this envelope bears the post mark of 11th Feb.—the direction is in the prisoner's writing, as well as the letter—I afterwards received information, in consequence of which I went to Paris, and to my agent there, Mr. Fellme—I did not go to Mr. Oudinet, at Verdun, but I have a letter from him—in consequence of the inquiries I made, I got these two letters, one from Paris, and the other from Verdun, in the prisoner's writing, which were sent by him instead of those which ought to have been sent—this is dated 22nd Dec. 1851, and is addressed to Mr. Oudinet, coachbuilder, Verdun—I received that by post from Mr. Oudinet—this is a letter written in accordance with the instructions which I gave the prisoner on the evening of 20th Dec.—this other is the letter which he wrote to Mr. Fellme, which is in accordance with my instructions, it is dated 22nd Dec. instead of 20th—at the bottom of this letter, the prisoner writes, "If you should have to name the date of this letter, you would have to state the 20th, because I ought to have written on Saturday, but I forgot it; oblige me in this, in order that I may not get scolded"—the prisoner said nothing to me before leaving about having written this order—when I paid him his wages on 17th Jan., I asked him to give me a receipt as usual, and he said, "I do not want any money to-night, as my time is not up"—I said, "Never mind, give me your receipt, and I will pay you"—he then made out a receipt, and I paid him—that was up to the 20th—after I gave it him, I said, "Now, you understand our agreement is at an end?"—he said, "Yes, I know it"—I said, "Therefore I have no further occasion for you"—he made no further claim on me—this (produced) is his receipt.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. I observe that these letters which you have got from Paris and Verdun are signed by procuration? A. Yes; it was not the prisoner's habit to sign my business letters by procuration; I will swear that, except on special occasions, by special order, that did not occur perhaps twice in three months—I am sure it was on 17th Jan. that I discharged the prisoner—I believe I first heard of this order about 29th Feb.—the prisoner was taken up on 9th March—I suppose that was about a week after an action had been brought against me by the prisoner, because the letter from Verdun was on 25th; it was more than a week, it was a fortnight—the action was on one of these papers—the prisoner had been with me altogether about six years—during that time I had perfect confidence in

him, so far as I know—I know nothing against his character—I was not embarrassed in my circumstances in 1851—previous to signing these papers I was not embarrassed—I did not repeatedly borrow money in the course of that year—I have borrowed money, perhaps twice altogether; it may be 150l.—not of the prisoner, but of my father-in-law—I never owed any man anything that I did not pay; I never borrowed a penny of the prisoner; I swear that—my wife was before the Magistrate, but was not examined—when I had signed the papers in blank the prisoner held up one of them, and said, "This is a dangerous thing to do, I might rob you by this a great deal"—I treated it, unfortunately, with contempt, and laughed—there was no notice required to be given to the prisoner, our agreement ended on 20th Jan.; but still I did give him notice before witnesses—he came to my house several times after I had discharged him, to know whether I could not give him any farther employment.

MR. PARRY. Q. You have been asked about an action, was the action brought on that alleged agreement (producing a paper)? A. Yes; this is one of the sheets of paper that I wrote my name to—the body of it is not in the prisoner's writing—I never saw it before we obtained an order from the Court of Exchequer to examine it—there is an attesting witness to it, "G. H. Grellier, of 4, Leicester-square"—I never signed that paper in his presence—I do not know him, and never saw him—this paper was not written by my authority, or with my knowledge; it purports to be an agreement for me to have the prisoner's services for two years at 90l. a year—I was never in embarrassed circumstances in my life.





MARY SCHWEITZER
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On Saturday afternoon, 20th Dec, I went to him at his office, and heard him instruct the prisoner to write two letters, one to his agent in Paris, and one to Mr. Oudinet—he signed two blank sheets of paper, by my interference, for that purpose, and left them—the prisoner held one of them up to me, smiled, and said, "I might ruin you with this, Mrs. Schweitzer"—I said, "Oh, you would not do that I am sure."





GEORGE EMILE POIDEVIN
 (through an interpreter). I am clerk to Messrs. Jullien, bankers, at Rouen. On 14th Feb. the prisoner came there and said, "Have you received a letter from Mr. Schweitzer, ordering the payment of a certain sum named, some thousand and odd francs"—Mr. Jullien produced this letter, and told him if he made out the receipt he would pay him the money named in the letter—the prisoner then wrote this receipt across the letter—(translating it—Received from Mr. G. P. W. Jullien, the sum of 1,062 francs, 13 centimes. 13th Feb., 1852.—Breque.")—that money was paid to the prisoner—I received this letter myself on 12th Feb. at Rouen; it came by post—Mr. Jullien offered to pay the prisoner in bank notes; he objected, and said he would rather have it in cash—he said there was not sufficient cash in the house, but he might, no doubt, get it by applying to M. Foubert—the prisoner said he was going from there to Lille, and thence to Belgium, travelling on the business of Mr. Schweitzer.





WILLIAM FOSTER
. I am post-master, in the New North-road, Hoxton. This letter was posted at my office on the evening of 10th or morning of 11th Feb., it bears the General Post mark of the 11th.
(Henry Arthur Matthews, boarding-school keeper; Louis Manjeau, hotel keeper, Haymarket; Conrad Michel, hotel keeper, New-street, Covent-garden; and Thomas Vielle, wine merchant, 24, Haymarket, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
