



1940. 




CHRISTOPHER BROOKS



, feloniously wounding 



Eliza Rotheroe, with intent to kill and murder her.—2nd COUNT, to wound and disable.—3rd COUNT, to do grievous bodily harm.



MR. WOOLLETT
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA ROTHEROE
. I was in the service of Mr. Terry, who keeps a carpet-warehouse, in Chiswell-street, St. Luke's—the prisoner was also in his service—there were two nurses, myself and the man—I had lent the prisoner 1l. about the 6th July—I made application to him for it on the 11th Sept., as he received his salary—he told me he could pay me on the morrow if he liked, but he would not, and I might whoop for the money—the next morning I applied to him again—I asked him in a friendly manner if he would tell me when he would pay me—that was about 20 minutes-past 8 o'clock—I had told him the night before that I would go to the Lord Mayor about it, and I would tell my master and mistress—nothing further occurred on the 12th, till about G o'clock in the evening, when I was in the kitchen, stooping down, putting lucifers into the fire, which had been dying out for about two hours—the prisoner had come in the kitchen perhaps a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes before this—there was no conversation took place between us—while I was attempting to light the fire he came behind me, and stabbed me twice in the nose—I thought it was blows with a fist—I saw afterwards what instrument it was done with—I tried to get up, and he held me forcibly down by my neck—with one hand he was cutting me, and with the other he was holding me forcibly down by my neck, with his hand over my head—he pulled my head down—I was still before the fire—I could not move—I tried to get up, and he pressed my head against the bars—I slipped from his grasp for an instant, and I saw the knife in his right-hand, in the act of cutting at my breast—I endeavoured to get up, and when I saw the knife I began to scream out—he bent me down, and pressed my head between his knees—he still held me in the same position—he never entirely let go from the time he first seized me with his left-hand—my head being between his knees he doubled me down, and cut me as I thought between my shoulders—he then threw my head forwards, threw me down, threw the knife on the side board, and left the kitchen—I had been crying "Murder!" from the time I first saw the knife till he left the kitchen—he did not say a word—in consequence of my screams a person came to my assistance in a few minutes after the prisoner left the kitchen—I was faint with loss of blood, but I managed to walk across the kitchen—I had not given the prisoner any provocation, only by telling him I should go to the Lord Mayor—there had been no conversation during the quarter of an hour.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you say anything to him that day? A. Not after the morning—I cannot tell whether he had been drinking—he was writing a few minutes before, writing what he had laid out that day—I saw him go to the desk and take out bills, and look at them, and he counted his money—I am quite sure I did not say anything.





ELIZABETH GERRARD
. I am a widow; I was nurse at Mr. Terry's. On 12th Sept. I heard screams, about 6 o'clock in the evening—I, in consequence, went to the kitchen—I found Rotheroe sitting on a chair in a fainting state, and saw the blood flowing from her head and her bands—I went and got some water, as she was in such a fainting state—I was afraid she would fall off the chair—I passed round behind her, and saw the blood running down her back and through her dress—I sent for a surgeon, who came almost immediately after—I saw the knife on the side-board—there was blood on it, and it was bent—I had not seen the prisoner previous to that, any further than he passed into the yard with a roll of oil-cloth on his shoulder, a little after 6—I did not see any appearance of his having been drinking—this is the knife (produced).






JAMES BRENNAN
. I am on inspector of the 6 division of police. I was called to Mr. Terry's on 12th Sept., between 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening—I received this knife from the medical gentleman, Mr. South wood—I received a description of the prisoner, and went in search of him—on the following day I went to 38, Gloucester-street, Hoxton, and in the second-floor front-room I saw the prisoner—I told him I belonged to the police, and he answered the description of a person I was in search of, for stabbing the cook at Mr. Terry's house, in Chiswell-street, the evening before—he made no answer for a little time, and then he said, "It is right enough; I suppose I must make myself at your service"—I took him to the station—I went to the hospital, and saw the prosecutrix—on the following Monday I received this gown, which I produce—it is cut in the back.





ELIZA ROTHEROE

re-examined. This is my gown, and the one I had on at the time—I cannot swear to this knife; it looks like it.





JOHN SOUTHWOOD
. I am a surgeon, and live in Fore-street, Cripplegate. On the 12th Sept. I was called to Mr. Terry's—I found the prosecutrix in a very faint state, lying before the kitchen fire, her face was covered with blood—I examined her person—I found a deep cut on her nose, a cut on the thumb and finger of her left hand, and two deep cuts on the back of her neck—one of them was nearly five inches deep, and the other about three inches; each of them about an inch and a half wide in the widest part—I saw this knife lying there at the time—it is precisely the instrument that would cause such wounds—one of the wounds, in fact, was curved precisely as this knife is curved—the wounds were dangerous to life.

Thomas Harris, a scale-maker; Edmund Page, a publican; and William Tremont, a publican, gave the prisoner a good character.





GUILTY
on the third Count.
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

