




8. 




MARY ANN KIRWIN
 and 




MARY WERNHAM



, robbery on 



Charles Earl, and stealing 1 watch, value 5l.; his property.






CHARLES EARL
. I am master of a vessel called the Mary Ann Jane. On 2nd Nov. I was on Tower-hill, about 2 o'clock in the morning—the two prisoners met me—I did not stop and talk to them—they turned round and walked by the side of me—I went into George-street—when I was there two men passed me, and passed back again—the prisoners were at that time by

my side—one of the men collared me at the back of my neck, and during the time he was pulling me back Kirwin snatched my watch out of my pocket on my right side, and broke the chain—the other man was behind me—Wernham was on my left—she laid her hand on my left shoulder—I fell backwards to the ground—I had a guard to my watch, which was left round my neck—the prisoners ran away—as soon as I got the man's hand clear from my neck, I shouted "Police!"—the men ran off another way—I ran after the prisoners, and caught them both when I had run about twenty yards—a police-man came, and I charged them with stealing my watch—they both said they had not—I told the policeman where this begun, and said if they had not got the key it was lying on the ground there—after the prisoners were taken to the station I went back with the policeman, and found the watch where I had seized the two prisoners—I had not lost sight of them at all—this is my watch—the chain was broken, and the guard remained round my neck.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What had you been doing all that night? A. I had a drink of ale at Mr. Dyne's—I came out of his house at half past 12 o'clock, and went into the next house, where there was a raffle for a handkerchief—the two public-houses were next door to each other—I had something to drink at each of them—I could see very plainly when I came out of the second house—I staid in that house about an hour and a half—I had some half-and-half there, and some half-and-half at the other house—I did not drink a good deal of it—I went to the first public-house about 7—I did not drink a great deal in the seven hours—I go and sit three or four hours over a pint of ale—I was smoking a pipe—I drank about three pints of half-and-half—Wernham did not assist in taking my watch; she laid her hand on my shoulder—I should say I walked about fifty yards with the prisoners—the men came up in six or eight minutes after the prisoners spoke to me—it might not have been that some other woman took my watch, and I accused the prisoners—I heard one of the prisoners say that they heard the cry of "Police!" and they came up, and I accused them—no person could have got my watch whom I missed—I never lost sight of the prisoners at all; not when I was on the ground.





WILLIAM SMALLWOOD
 (policeman, H 58). On 2nd Nov., about two o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners, the prosecutor, and two men—they turned out of the Minories towards Trinity-square—I passed them, and went down another street—I heard a cry of "Police!"—I went up, and found the prosecutor had just caught hold of the two prisoners—he said they had robbed him of his watch—he took me about twenty yards from where he stopped the prisoners, and I found the watch key—I took the prisoners to the station, and went back and found this watch in the mud, near where the prosecutor stopped the prisoners—Kirwin said, "We heard the cry of 'Police!' and ran up; we know nothing about it"

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it you first saw the men? A. When they turned out of the Minories—I did not stop them, for they had not done anything then—after I heard the cry of "Police!" I saw the men running towards Tower-hill, away from me—I had the two prisoners at that time—the prosecutor complained of some men having interfered with him—he seemed perfectly sober.


GUILTY.
(Kirwin was further charged with having been before convicted.)





GEORGE MUMFORD
 (policeman, K 207). I produce a certificate of Kirwin's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted, Oct., 1850, of stealing money from the person. 
Confined Six Months)—I was present—she is the person.

KIRWIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 27. 


Transported for Seven Years.


WERNHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 25. 



Confined Twelve Months.

