



144. 




THOMAS BEW



, unlawfully obtaining an order for 25l. of 



Edward, Earl Digby, by false pretences.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






THE RIGHT HON. EDWARD, EARL DIGBY
. I reside at Sherbourn Castle, in Dorsetshire. About the end of Oct. I received a letter, purporting to come from Captain Newton—I destroyed the letter—the purport of it was, to raise a subscription for Mrs. Bissett, who was left the widow of Captain Bissett, of the Royal Navy; that she was left very destitute, with several children—there was a paper enclosed in the letter, containing the names of persons—I understood that Captain Newton, who wrote to me, was undertaking the subscription—" Captain Newton, R.N.," was on the top of the letter—it began, "My Lord," and then went on—there was "Captain Newton" in a line with the date—there was a Christian name, and then "R.N." at the end—on receiving that letter, I sent a check on Messrs. Hoares, my bankers—I enclosed the list back—all the papers I received I returned—the amount of the check was 25l., payable to Captain Newton, R.N.—I sent my answer to some street in Lambeth; I forget the name—I directed it to the number of the house, and addressed it to "C. Newton, R.N,"—that was the address written in the inside of the letter I received—this is the check I

enclosed (looking at it)—I knew nothing of Mrs. Bissett, except from the letter.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know Captain Newton? A. No; I did know a Captain Bissett, but he was not a navy captain—I have given, as nearly as I can recollect, the substance of the contents.





JOHN CLUTTBKBUCK
. I am clerk to Messrs. Hoares, the bankers—Earl Digby banks there—I received and paid a check drawn by Earl Digby on 1st Nov.—this is it; it is for 25l.—it was presented by a man—I do not know the person—I paid it with 10l. in gold, and three 5l. notes, Nos. 48342, 48343. and 48344, dated 13th Oct., 1851.





RICHARD ADYE BAILEY
. I produce these three notes from the Bank of England, one came in on 11th Nov., the other two on the 12th.





CHARLOTTE DUNCAN
. I live with my father, in London-street, Greenwich. I receive rent of a person named Carter—on 6th Nov. I received this 5l. note from Sarah Ann Carter—here is the name of Jenkins on it.





SAKAH ANN CAKTEK
. I am the daughter of Mr. Jenkins. I paid this 5l. note to the last witness on 6th Nov., from my mother, Elizabeth Jenkins.





ELIZABETH JENKINS
. J gave my daughter a 5l. note on 6th Nov.—I received that note from the prisoner—my husband keeps the Maltster beer-house, at Greenwich—I cannot say on what day I received it of the prisoner, it was early in November—I am sure I gave the same note to my daughter—I had no other.

Cross-examined. Q. Do many persons frequent your beer-house? A. Yes; I remember I received this note from the prisoner, because I took the money from my rent to change the note, and I put the note with my rent—I did not put any mark on the note, I put it with the sovereigns to pay my rent, up-stairs in my drawer—no one had the key of that drawer but myself—my husband has not the key, he never wants to go to that drawer—I will swear that from the time I received the note, till I took it out, he never had the key—he never has the key—there are not two keys to it—I received the note from the prisoner at the bar—there was a short man with him, who he gave some half-and-half to—I am sure I had this note from the prisoner—I never had another 5l. note in my possession for the last six or eight months—my husband was in the bar, and I asked him to look at the note—he said it was quite a good one—he did not put any mark on it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. Yes; I gave him in change 10s. or 1l. in silver, and the rest in sovereigns and half-sovereigns—I took the money for the liquor he had, and 1s. for two pots of ale—I took the sovereigns and half-sovereigns out of my rent—I went up to get the change, and put the note in the drawer—I sent the money to pay my rent on 6th Nov.—I then found the drawer locked, and only one note in it—I took for the half and-half out of the change, and 1s. for two pots of ale to he had the next day.

COURT. Q. Had you seen the short man with the prisoner before? A. Yes, I think I had once; the short man lodged close handy—the prisoner said the short man was to have the ale next day—I was to take the money for it then—the short man took the ale the same night in a can.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you remember, when the prisoner changed that note, whether you saw him in possession of others? A. I cannot say; I heard other papers, but I would not like to say they were notes.





ALFRED ANDREW BERRY
. I am collecting-clerk to Mr. Joseph Wade, of Upper Thames-street. I collected money from Mr. St. Leger on 11th Nov.—he paid me two 5l. notes and 5l. in gold—these are the two note I received

from him; I always mark them in one place—they are marked with his name.





NICHOLAS ST. LEOER
. I keep the Coopers' Arms, in Lower Thames-street. The prisoner was at my house when he was taken—he had been lodging there two nights previous—I cannot say whether he slept there the night previous to his being taken; I do not think he did—the two nights before he did—I received two 5l. notes from him, but not at one time—I received the last note from him about an hour or two hours before he was taken into custody—I cannot answer whether at the time I received the second 5l. note I had in my possession the other 5l. note that I received from him—I might have had it, or I might not—I think I received it two or three days before—I remember I paid Mr. Berry two 5l. notes, but I cannot say whether they were what I received from the prisoner—I might have had other 5l.—notes in my possession when I took the last from the prisoner.

Q. Do you believe them to be the same notes you took from the prisoner? A. I cannot answer that question—I am in the habit of changing several notes—these might be the notes—I have as much belief one way as I have the other—I cannot answer whether I had any other 5l.—notes at that time—I have a faint recollection of giving a 5l.-note to a lighterman's wife, who came and asked me for some heavy gold—I said I had not much gold, but I had a 5l.-note, and I gave her one—I do not put the names on notes if I take them from persona I know—I had known the prisoner about eighteen months.

COURT. Q. You cannot tell whether you had another 5l. note, because you gave one to some woman; can you tell whether you had two others? A. No; I am positive I had not.

Cross-examined. Q. You had frequently been applied to for change; can you venture to say, that between the time of your receiving the 5l. note from the prisoner and your paying Mr. Berry, that you had not any other note A. I cannot; I might have received a note, and paid it away without noticing it—I had paid one to this woman, and that I had forgotten at my examination.

MR. BODKIN. Q. It was on 8th Nov. he was taken? A. I cannot recollect that—there was a disturbance, and I asked the cause—they would not tell me—they told me they were officers—I told them I did not wish to disturb them, but I did not wish to have ray place knocked about—the officers had hold of the prisoner, and a man who was with the prisoner resisted—he was a man about the size of the prisoner—I had seen him with the prisoner at other times at my house—he called him Jos, that is all I know.





ANN PRICE
. I live at 84, Bridge-street, Greenwich—I saw the prisoner at my house, in Greenwich, on 1st Nov., to the best of my knowledge—there was a female with him, whom he called his wife—he took apartments for himself and his wife, and for another friend, and his wife—he said his friend was an engineer, and he was to come on Monday week to work at Mr. Joyce's, over the way—he said he was not so fortunate himself, but he hoped to be set on at Mr. Perry's—he did not say what his name was, but some days after he asked me if a letter came in the name of Newton would I take it in—I said, "Yes"—he and the woman remained with me ten days—during the time he was there I did not address him by any name—I very seldom saw him—his wife waited on him—I addressed his wife by the name of Mrs. Newton, and his friend and his wife passed by the name of Wilson—they came the same day that he did—I did not take any letter in.


COURT. Q. What sized man was that Wilson? A. Not quite so tall as the prisoner, but he was a tall man—the prisoner took my apartment for one week; and as he could not give a reference, he paid 5s., and at the end of the week they paid up the rest—the week's rent was 9s.—they staid ten days altogether—they staid three days more than the week, and went away without paying.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner did not mention any name, and the other man went by the name of Wilson? A. Yes; his wife asked me if a letter came in the name of Wilson to take it in—I spoke to the prisoner's wife as Mrs. Newton—that was not till after they said about the letter—I do not think I ever called her Mrs. Newton—all I knew was that he said if a letter came in the name of Newton, to take it in.

COURT. Q. When Mrs. Wilson spoke to you about taking in a letter for her, was the prisoner by? A. No, I do not think he was.





JOHN CLUTTERBUCK

re-examined. These are the three notes I paid for the check.

Cross-examined. Q. What makes you know them? A. I entered them in the book—it is my course of business to enter the number of the notes, and the amount of the check—it is here—a check, 25l., in the name of Digby—I can swear this is the check I paid that day.





ROBERT ABRAHAM
. I am a letter-carrier. I was employed at Greenwich in Nov. last—I remember delivering a letter addressed "Captain Newton, R.N." at No. 34, Bridge-street—it was quite the early part of Nov.—it was the General Post delivery—a person accosted me in the street, and asked if I had a letter for Captain Newton, R.N.—I said, "Very likely I have; but not knowing you, I must deliver it as it is directed"—I went round where I had to go, and when I got to Mrs. Price's I found the same man close at my heels—when the door was opened he pushed in, and took the letter out of my hand—the door was half opened, and he pushed in—I do not know who the man was.





WILLIAM HORSFORD
. I am a policeman, in the service of the Mendicity Society. I have known the prisoner in the name of Gill, Smith, Jones, and various other names—I never knew him in the name of Newton till this time—I have known him four or five years.





CHARLES JAMSS FRANKLIN NEWTON
. I am a Commander in the Royal Navy. I never knew of another officer of the same name—there is no other Captain Newton in the navy but myself—I did not make or know of any application to Lord Digby for assistance for the wife and children of Captain Bissett.

Cross-examined. Q. How many captains are there in the navy? A. About 500, and rather more than that number of commanders—there are rather more than 1,000 altogether—I know by the records that there is no other Captain Newton but me—we all know the records—I have a navy list every fortnight sent me by authority of the Board of Admiralty—I have searched the records from which the navy list is made up—I was looking at the navy list this morning.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Is it possible there could be a Captain Newton in the navy without your knowing it? A. It is impossible.





RICHARD FERGUSON
. I am clerk to the Mendicity Society. I have been to the Admiralty, and find only one Captain Newton in the list of captains—I accompanied the officer to the back parlour of the public-house in Lower Thames-street—a violent scuffle took place in the back parlour—a man was with the prisoner; a shortish man—they both resisted very much—the land-lord

was there—he wanted to drive us all out—he said he would not have a row in his house—the charge was stated to be obtaining money under false pretences.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you search the list of commanders at the Admiralty as well? A. No; I found one Captain Newton—the book was presented to me by the person appointed.





JAMES FREDERICK LEWIS WOOD
. I am a Commander in the Royal Navy. I know of no Captain Newton in the navy but the gentleman who is here present, and I am satisfied there is no other.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know? A. I have had the pleasure of knowing Captain Newton from my first entering the service—I have been to the Admiralty, and the books were searched by a clerk, and that information was given me—I know from the authorised records that there if no other Captain Newton.

COURT
to
LORD DIOBY. Q. Did you observe the post-mark on the letter you received? A. Yes; it was Lambeth, I think.

Cross-examined. Q. You say you think there was the Lambeth post-mark; have you a distinct recollection of it? A. I think so—there was the name of a street mentioned inside the letter—I looked at the post-mark—I think it was Lambeth.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Year
.
(Horsford stated that he had had the prisoner in custody seven times, and that he had been twenty-five months imprisoned for sending begging letters.)
