





847. 



HENRY HALL,



 JOHN BENNETT
, and 




WILLIAM CARTER



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Guy Richard Pickering, from his person.






JAMES BRETT
 (City policeman). On the evening of 7th July I was in Arthur-street, about half-past 8 o'clock—I saw the three prisoners in conversation—I followed them over London-bridge to the Surrey side, where they again stopped and conversed—they then returned to the middle of the bridge—Mr. Pickering passed them—Carter went behind him, and took a handkerchief out of his coat pocket—the other two prisoners were walking close behind, screening him—Carter stopped, looked at the handkerchief, and put it into the flap of his trowsers; Hall and Bennett walked by the prosecutor for a few paces; they then turned, and the three prisoners walked together to the Surrey side—I went to the prosecutor, and got his name and address—I then went over the bridge, and met the prisoners again—I continued to watch them till I got the assistance of another officer—Carter went behind another gentleman, and Hall and Bennett still remained close behind him—we went and took them all three—I handed Bennett to the other officer—when I took Carter, he said, "What areyoutaking me for?"—I said, For picking pockets"—he said, "I have not been picking pockets; I have just come from Greenwich, from my sister's; I never saw these men before"—while taking them to the station I saw Bennett throw down this handkerchief—a gentleman picked it up and gave it to me—I took the prisoners to the station, searched them, and found on Carter a sixpence, on Bennett this other handkerchief, and Hall had this one round his neck.

Bennett. Q. Did you pick up the handkerchief I dropped? A. A gentleman picked it up—I was close by your side—I was not in advance of you—you were close behind Carter, so that no person could see what he was doing.

Carter. Q. Where did you first see me? A. In Arthur-street—when I saw you take the handkerchief I was not on the same side—there were vehicles on London-bridge—I saw you take another handkerchief from another gentleman's pocket, and then I took you.





GUY RICHARD PICKERING
. I am clerk to Mr. Royston, in Old Broad-street. I was on London-bridge on 7th July—I had a handkerchief in my pocket ten minutes before—I did not feel anything—the officer spoke to me—this is my handkerchief.

Hall. The handkerchief the officer took from me was my own; I wore it on my neck.


Bennett's Defence. I never saw Hall or Carter before; the handkerchief taken from me is my own; I have tried to get an honest character by working on London-bridge; I had carried a package, and was coming back, and was taken by the officer; I never resisted, nor did he tell me what it was for.

Carter's Defence. If the officer was on the other side of the way, it is impossible that he could see me, if I did such a thing; but I did not; I always work hard for my living.

HALL—


NOT GUILTY
.

BENNETT



GUILTY



CARTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Four Months.


(Bennett was further charged with having been before convicted.
) WILLIAM HITCHCOCK. I produce a copy of Bennett's conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Central Criminal Court—John Dickens convicted, on his own confession, Oct., 1848, of stealing 23 yards of silk, and confined six months)—I was present—the prisoner is the person—I was here at the March Sessions, to prove the same conviction against him, but he was then acquitted.
Aged 23. **—


Transported for Seven Years.

