



72. 




ISAAC HART



, feloniously receiving on 10th Sept., 23 forks, 49 spoons, 1 tankard, and other articles, value 240l.; the property of Sir 



Hyde Parker, Bart.; and 1 salver, 4 pairs of sugar tongs, 2 sugar ladles, 4 salt cellars, and 1 knife; the property of 



George Morton Eden; well knowing the same to have been stolen.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






LOUISA ANN EDEN
. I am the wife of General Eden. Last summer we were occupying the house of my uncle, Sir Hyde Parker, in Onslow-square—we had a butler, named Baker—we left London on 12th Aug., but hearing of this robbery on the 19th returned, and found that all our own plate, and Sir Hyde Parker's, which had been left in the house, was gone, and Baker, the" butler, had absconded—the value of the plate was between 600l. and 700l., some of it was old family plate; there were silver dishes, and a tankard silver gilt, studded with coins, with a figure on the top, which had been a present from Queen Anne.





JANE HYAMS
. I was lady's maid to Mrs. Eden. Baker, who has been tried here, was the butler (See Vol. XL, page 1374); he left the service on 13th Sept.; he went out, and said that perhaps he should not return that

night, and I never saw him afterwards—in consequence of some communication, made to me, I sent for a builder, and had the great closet broken open—we then found that all the plate was gone—Baker used to have the key of it—about ten days before he left he went to the same plate chest, and showed me the top tray; it appeared to be all right then.





THOMAS CROSSLEY
. I am nineteen years old, and am the son of Robert Crossley who was tried here last Sessions, and who is now in prison; he kept a beer shop in Bermondsey—I resided with him there, and assisted him in his business—I know Baker, who was butler to General Eden—I first saw the prisoner to notice him, on Saturday, 9th Sept., about 10 o'clock in the morning at my father's shop—on that day, by my father's direction, I went to General Eden's house—I got there about half past 7 o'clock in the morning, and received from Baker a rush basket with a flat bottom, which contained plate—I took it to my father's house, and gave it to him when I got in, and he took it up stairs, and put it in the front bed room—in about half an hour the prisoner came; my father went up stairs with him, and I followed—they weighed the plate, and while they were doing so the prisoner took out a tankard; it was an old fashioned one, with a bust of Queen Anne at the top, and about thirty coins let in—my father said he thought it was gold; the prisoner said, "No, it is silver I know, because I have such things passing through my hands every day;" and he asked me if I had got a file—I said I had got one down stairs; he desired me to fetch it—he tried the tankard with the file, and I believe it turned out to be silver—it was gilt—that, as well as the rest of the plate, was weighed; there was some spoons and forks, and a fish ladle, of old fashioned make—the prisoner and my father together weighed it, in what had been a potatoe machine which was kept up stairs; it weighed about twenty pounds—they were iron weights, potatoe weights—after it was weighed, the prisoner put it into the basket again from which it had been taken—I saw 40l. or 50l. in gold paid to my father by the prisoner, out of a little canvass bag, such as this (produced), just the same colour—I cannot swear to it, as it had a string like this (red tape)—after the money had been paid the prisoner asked me to carry the basket out for him to a cab—he said, "Take this; I am going to take this along with me, and I will pay you for your trouble"—he left the house first, and I followed him to Weston-street, and found a cab waiting under the arch of the railway there; he took the plate of me, got into the cab and drove off—I saw him again between 4 and 5 o'clock on that afternoon; he brought back the same basket, but without the plate—on the following morning, about the same time, I went to Onslow-square again (I got up that morning at 6 o'clock; I think my father and mother, and my little brother slept in the same room with me that Saturday night, and my brother Robert slept in the same bed as me)—when I got to Onslow-square, I saw Baker again—I had taken the basket in the afternoon previous, Saturday: and left it there, and on the Monday morning I received it again from Baker filled—I took it to my father's house; it contained plate the same as before, but new fashioned—my father took it up stairs—I gave it to him directly I got inside the door—about 1 o'clock the prisoner came, and they went up stairs together—I was up stairs cleaning myself in the room where the weighing machine was, and where the family slept—I saw the prisoner empty the basket, and weigh the plate—there was a plain silver teapot, four large silver dishes, four smaller ones, and some silver spoons, which the prisoner admired—he said that they were very massive table spoons—he put about half a dozen of them in a paper, folded

them up, and put them in his pocket after they were weighed—the plate was then put into the basket by the prisoner, and I believe there was about the same quantity of money passed as the day before; it was all in gold, and was taken out of the same bag—the prisoner employed me to carry it as before, and I followed him to St. Thomas's-street East, on the other side of the river, where there was a cab waiting at the bar which stops carriages from going down; it was not a cab stand—the prisoner took the plate of me, got into the cab, and drove away—he did not give me any money; he gave me a glass of gin—on Wednesday, the 13th, Baker came to my father's house, and remained there till the 25th, when he was taken into custody, and my father also—after my father was taken I accompanied sergeant Whicher to Petticoat-lane, and found the prisoner there; he had just come out of a house there, a public house I believe—I then said something to Whicher, and he took him into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Do you do anything for a living? A. Yes; but not at present—I have been a servant, but the last three or four years I have assisted my father in the beer shop business, and the green grocery business; that is why we had the scales—I lived with my father, and did not want any payment—I had money when I wanted it—I was not a partner; I was the same as a servant—I did not have any of the money for the plate; I saw it pass, but did not have a farthing of it; that is perfectly true—I might have thought that this was wrong—I knew what was in the basket, but I made a mistake at the police court—I was sworn to speak the truth, when I made that mistake—I did know what I was carrying, but instead of saying "Yes," I said "No"—I knew that Baker was robbing Mrs. Eden, and that my father was receiving it—I have not done anything of that kind before—I never carried any plate from any fashionable neighbourhood to Bermondsey, before the 9th—it was after my father's conviction, that I first unburthened my mind about this matter—I went to see him in gaol after he was convicted, and he told me to tell all I knew—I never thought anything about getting any mitigation of his sentence by doing this, nor do I now—my father made a confession, and I forwarded his ends; that was after he was convicted—he was in trouble about six years before, when he was living up at the other end' of the town—he changed a 10l. note for a man who had committed a burglary; he was taken down to Warwick and discharged—I had nothing to do with it; I was away from home at the time—it was not on the day that I saw my father in gaol, that I made this communication to Whicher, but it was after I had seen him—I did not say that I recognised the portrait of a Queen on the tankard; I said I recognised the name of a Queen upon it, and a portrait of a woman—I never heard that it was Queen Anne before to-day—I was present at my father's trial—I did not hear the evidence; I was not there half the time.





ROBERT CROSSELY
. I am seventeen years old, and am the brother of the last witness. In September last, I was errand boy at Mr. Osmond's, a dyer of Ivy-lane, Newgate-street—I was there seven months, and left last Saturday—I slept at my father's house, in the same bed with my brother, the last witness—I first saw the prisoner on Thursday, 8th Sept.; it was at my father's house—he was having some conversation with my father about 11 o'clock in the morning—I did not hear anything pass between them—he stopped about a quarter of an hour, and when he left, I followed him by my father's orders—the first house he went to, was a little jeweller's, in Harrow-alley, that runs out of Petticoat-lane—I waited about five minutes, and he

came out of there and went to a public house in Petticoat-lane, kept by Jacobs—I do not know the sign of it—he was there about half an hour, and I then followed him to a coffee shop in Petticoat-lane; he was there about twenty minutes, and I then followed him to a tobacconist's, near Whitechapel-road; he was there two or three minutes, and he then went back to Jacob's, where I left him, and returned to my father's house, and told him what I had seen—I saw the prisoner again on Sunday—my brother got up that morning about half-past 6 or 7 o'clock, and went out; he came home again about 10 o'clock with a large rush basket; I did not see what it contained; it appeared to be full and heavy—it was taken up stairs by my brother into the bed room, on the first floor, where me and my brother, and my father and mother slept—our house is closed on Sunday mornings, but it opens at 1 o'clock—I was in the bar when the house opened, and the prisoner came in directly the door was opened; my father was there, and he and the prisoner went up stairs into the bed room—my brother was up stairs, I believe; I know he was not down stairs—my father and the prisoner were up in the bed room twenty minutes or half an hour—I was there when they came down, and the prisoner said to my father that if he had had the weights and scales of the trade he should have made a better bargain—I saw the prisoner leave; he took something with him, but my brother followed him out with the rush basket, which I saw him with in the morning; it appeared to be full—I did not see the prisoner after this—he called there the next day after my father was taken into custody, and asked where my father was; my brother told him he was out—he said, "Tell him I shall call and see him in a few days; I am going to Birmingham"—I afterwards went with my brother and Sergeant Whicher to Petticoat-lane.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you often been to Petticoat-lane? A. Not very often; I have been about that way often, and know where it is very well—I have never been there on any little matter of business—I never sold any old coats there, or anything else—I can read and write a little—I always sleep with my brother—I left my situation on Saturday; it was through this case—I gave notice myself, to leave on Saturday week—I did so, because I had been away ill before that, and I did not like to ask them to spare me again—I knew nothing at all about the plate—I came home every night and slept with my brother; when he got up at half-past 6 o'clock in the morning, he did not tell me where he was going, but when he was going out, I asked to go with him—we have talked this matter over and over again—I know Baker; he is the man that was conversing with my father—before my father was apprehended, I knew that Baker was in the house—I did not know that he was concealed, or that there were orders from my father and mother that nobody was to know he was there—my mother was living with my father at the time of this transaction—I have also a brother ten years old—I took my meals at home—Baker did not take his meals with us, the meals were taken to him in his room up stairs, at the top of the house—the room was not locked—I have taken his meals up.

Q. Why did not you ask him to come down and dine with you? A. It was a room that he had hired—I had not the curiosity to ask why he had hired it, or why he was there—I never denied him to any one; I was never asked about him—I remember the policeman apprehending him—the prisoner called after my father was apprehended—I knew all about it then, but did not before; I knew nothing about the plate or money—my father has not given me a sovereign, or half a sovereign—it was on Sept. 8th that

my father sent me to follow the prisoner; he had told me to get a half holiday the night before to do it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. I believe that Baker and your father were old acquaintances? A. Yes; they had been in the same regiment together.





JONATHAN WHICHER
. I am a detective officer. On 5th Nov. I took the prisoner in Petticoat-lane—the two Crossleys were with me—I told him I was a police officer, and apprehended him on suspicion of receiving a large quantity of plate—he said he knew nothing about it—I found the bag produced on him, and seven sovereigns.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to his lodging? A. Yes, in Horse-shoe-alley, Petticoat-lane; he occupied two rooms; he has a wife, and a large family—there was rather the appearance of poverty than otherwise—I saw two lads there, and three or four young girls, who, I understood, were his daughters—I should think the two rooms would let at 5s. or 6s. a week, at least—it was not a lodging, but a house; there was one room down stairs, and one up—I did not go to Harrow-alley, or to any small jeweller's shop—the prisoner was standing outside Jacob's house when I apprehended him.





LOUISA ANN EDEN

re-examined. Among the plate lost was a plain silver teapot, of Sir Hyde Parker's, and a chased one—there were eight or ten silver dishes—our plate was modern—there were a great many table spoons of the Queen's pattern, handsome ones—there was a portrait on the tankard, but I rather think it was of Queen Mary, and not Queen Anne; it was inlaid with coins, and was silver gilt—the dish covers were Sir Hyde Parker's, and there were four large old butter boats—the old plate was Sir Hyde's, and the modern our's—the butter boats were such that you could put a ladle on each side—it was massive, good plate.

COURT. Q. What was there to indicate that it was a portrait of a Queen; was there a name on it? A. There was something to indicate that it was a Queen; I would not be certain that there was a crown on the head—I am not certain whether there was an inscription of the name of any Queen.
(John Benjamin, a tailor, of 34, Dudley street, Soho; Philip Raphael, furniture broker and dealer in diamonds, of No. 1, Magdalen-road; Joseph Myers, boot and shoe maker, of Duke-street, Aldgate; Samuel Silver, confectioner, of No. 39, Middlesex-street; Joseph Hyam, fishmonger, of No. 107, Middlesex-street; and Solomon Abraham, biscuit baker, of No. 110, Houndsditch, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 55. Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account of his character.





Transported for Fourteen Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Ninth Jury.

