




311. 





BERTO MAYO ARGENTI
 and 





FRANCISCO MORATI



, feloniously assaulting 




Peter Getland, upon the high seas, and wounding him, with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES COLWELL
. I am a mariner. In Jan., 1850, I shipped as steward on board the bark Alberta, at Liverpool—she was an English vessel, and sailed under English colours—Captain Benson, a Scotchman, was the master of the bark, and the shipping-agents at Liverpool were Messrs. Wilkie and Simpson—the prisoners shipped, as able seamen, at the same time that I did, and the deceased Peter Getland also—if I am not very much mistaken, he signed the articles next to me, or next to the cook; I know his name was very near first on the articles—Argenti went on board the vessel by the name of Berto Urgent; and we used to call Morati Frank, or Frank Murray, and sometimes Antonie—we left Liverpool on 30th Jan.—on 15th April, when we were nearing the American coast, there was a bit of a row forward, between Morati, from what I see first of all, and Peter Getland—they were fighting—I told the captain, who was at breakfast, and he and the mate came out of the cabin, and they and the rest of the men interfered to separate them—one of the men, I cannot say who, sung out that they had got their knives open—I saw Argenti interfering in the fight; and when some of them sung out that they had their knives, the captain ordered him to be brought aft—I think he was fighting with the rest of them, because they all interfered—I think he was fighting for Morati, as well as I could see—I think he had a stick in his hand, but I know he was fighting, and his mouth was bloody—the captain ordered both Argenti and Morati to be brought aft—they were brought aft, with a great deal of struggling—they were very obstreperous; we could not get them aft very well—I took a large knifefrom inside Argenti's shirt, and a smalt pocket-knife, what they call a jack-knife, from Morati; and the prisoners were then made fast to the mizen, by the captain's orders—the whole ship's company assisted in doing that—Getland assisted—they remained fast to the mizen about an hour or an hour and a half—they then begged the mate's pardon, and said they would not do it any more, if he would let them go—the mate was Mr. Gordon Gold—he set them at liberty, at their request—the captain was asleep at the time—two days after that we were at anchor at Mobile Bay, which is on the coast of Alabama—we were about twenty-five miles from the town, and about five from shore either side—the captain went on shore on the evening of 16th, or morning of 17th—on the evening of 17th, about 10 minutes past 7 o'clock, the prisoners were sitting on the night-heads on the top-gallant forecastle, which is right forward, about six feet above the rest of the deck—Getland was sitting on the wind lass on the larboard side smoking—the windlass is on the deck, just abaft, and below the forecastle Getland was about six or seven feet under where the prisoners were—Getland was talking me about boarding-houses in Liverpool, and Argenti walked along theforesastle, came over his head, and caught him

over the head with the sharp edge of the axe—Morati was just along side of him, not quite half a step back—the axe struck Getland close to the crown of his head—the wound was about six inches in length, and it penetrated to the brain, for I saw the brain on the axe—there was a great deal of blood flowed, and Wilson carried him aft—as soon as I gave the alarm Argenti made a blow at me with the axe—the proper place for the axe to be kept was in the galley—it belonged to the cook, and nobody used it, except the steward might take it to break a bone sometimes—there was no occasion for it on the forecastle—the prisoners then escaped into the foretop, and remained there all night, and with the ropes they made a sort of bulk-head, or battery, to prevent our getting at them—during the night a knife was thrown out of the foretop, I could not say by which of them—I did not see it thrown—I heard it fall, and it was picked up next morning—no one was in the foretop but the prisoners—it was my knife—we chased them out of the foretop, and asked them to come down, but they would not—a revenue-cutter came on board of us, and the captain of the cutter threatened to fire at them if they did not come down—he gave them five minutes, and then they came down—one of them, I think it was Morati, said they would come down for an American man, but they would not come down for a b—Englishman—one of them said they should only get about a month or so in America for killing a man—I think it was Morati said that; but it is so long ago, it has rather slipped my memory—they both speak English as well as any foreigners do; I think Morati speaks it best—Getland was taken on shore on the morning of 18th, and I did not see him again—this is the axe (produced).

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had not Argenti been a quiet peaceable man before this? A. Yes; I had always seen him very quiet and very sociable—I never saw him do anything wrong before—the prisoners were the only foreigners on board, except Getland, who was a Swede, or Norwegian—the crew had not, as I heard, been teasing the prisoners about being foreigners.





BENJAMIN WILSON
. I was a seaman on board the Alberta; she was a British ship, and left Liverpool in Jan.—I remember Getland having a quarrel with Morati on 15th April, and Argenti interfered to prevent the row—there was very little fighting—the prisoners were afterwards fastened to the mast hy order of the captain, and released in a short time—I was on board on 17th, but did not see Getland struck—I heard Colwell call out, "Murder!"and found Getland leaning against the larboard rails inside, with his head down and bleeding very much—the two prisoners were then on the topgallant forecastle about five feet from me—Getland's forehead was cut open, and was bleeding very much, the bone was split—he was taken ashore next day, and I did not see any more of him—we remained there till 24th April, and then went to Quebec—the prisoners were there taken into custody and brought to England.

MORATI—



GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
—Aged 26./

ARGENTI—



GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
—Aged 30.





Transported for Ten Years.

