



987. 



WILLIAM NEAL



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Ann Hefferman on the forehead, with intent to maim and disable her.—2nd COUNT, to do her some grievous bodily harm. MR. PAYNE

conducted the Prosecution.






ANN HEFFERMAN
. I live with my father and mother, in Pye-street, Westminster. The prisoner lodged there—on Saturday night, about ten o'clock, be came to pay his rent—my mother asked him for some more money—he said he would not give her more till he got better conveniences—she said she would not give him any more conveniences, because what she had given him were made away with; that a feather bolster which had been in his room was made away with—he said, "No such thing;" that if it was, it was me that made away with it—I said it was no such thing, and caught hold of his arm by the sleeve of his shirt, to make him stand and listen to me—he pulled himself away, and a piece of his sleeve, about the breadth of my hand, tore out—it was very tender—he went up-stairs—I heard him going up—I went up three or four minutes afterwards, to know the reason, and saw him outside his own door—I did not speak a word to him—I had to pass his door to go up to the next floor—he struck me a blow with a hatchet on my forehead—I became insensible—no altercation had taken place between us—I was in the hospital ten days.

Cross-examined by
MR. KENEALEY. Q. Was there a black man there that

night? A. I do not know; I had not been at home more than half an hour—there was not much talk about the bolster—I did not see my mother lock the door, and say the prisoner should not leave the house—no bad language had been used to the prisoner—he had lodged in the house about two years—I bad not pledged the bolster—I went up-stairs alone—I did not try the prisoner's door, or knock at it—when I received the blow, the candle went out—I did not see the prisoner's wife or children till the policeman came—I did not hear them crying in the room before I was struck.





CATHERINE M'CARTHY
. I lived at 2, New-way, Westminster. On Saturday night, 13th April, I saw the, prisoner at Mrs. Hefferman's—he paid 3s. rent—there was more owing, and she said, "Will you pay some off the score?"—he said, "No, not until I get better conveniences"—she said, "I cannot give you any more conveniences, for your wife sells them as fast as I give them to you"—the prosecutrix came in—he said that his wife said Ann Hefferman sold the bolster—she stood in her own defence, and said, "I never sold any bolster, nor nothing belonging to my mother"—she caught him by the shirt sleeve, and said, "Will you stand until I tell you all about it?"—I did not see the shirt torn—he went up-stairs—in a few minutes she said, "I will go up to Mr. Neal's wife, and will know all about it"—she went, and knocked at the door—Neal opened it, and came out with a chopper in his hand, and knocked her on the forehead with it—she called out, "Murder!" and I went up, and saw her getting the blow on the forehead—I said, "Will Neal, don't you do it any more"—he said, "I will, I will kill and slaughter at I go"—he gave me two strokes, and struck her again on the arm—I went to try to protect her, and got my finger nearly chopped off—I saw no sign of liquor about the prisoner—the light went out—I went down for one, and showed the constable up-stairs—the prosecutrix became insensible—she stumbled, and lost a great deal of blood—she gave Neal in charge, and the policeman took her to the hospital.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A hard-working girl; I get my living at the wash-tub; I never walk the streets—I have lived with Mrs. Hefferman since this business—we have never spoken about it since—I have seen her every day—I was there when the prosecutrix got the first blow—I happened to be going up-stairs at the time, not with her—I heard high words, and went up—she asked Mrs. Neal how she could tell a story of her, and I went up to protect her—I was up before he struck her—the door was not open at first—she was knocking with her hand five or six minutes before he came—I did not knock—Ellen Summers came up at the second blow, when "murder" was called—she was not standing there when the door opened—she got a blow on the arm—there was no candle there—there was a light in Neal's room—when the door was closed the light was quenched—the blow was a good hard blow, and with the edge of the hatchet—she called "Murder!" and then he struck her again—she recovered herself in five or six minutes—the door was not broken open—no one touched it, but just to knock at it—there was a black man there nearly all day—I did not see him mixing in the fight, or touch any one—I did not see the prisoner's little boy—I said nothing about the bolster—I did not see Mrs. Neal at all.





ELLIN SUMMERS
. I am the wife of Joseph Summers, and live in Mrs. Hefferman's house. I heard cries of "Murder!" went up five or six stairs, and saw the prisoner fetch out a hatchet and hit Ann with it on the forehead—she stumbled, and he was making another blow—I said, "Don't you hit her again, or you will kill her"—I put out my arm to save her, and received the blow on it—it cut me here in two places—I ran down as quickly as I could.


Cross-examined. Q. Is this your first appearance in a court of justice? A. Yes; I have been in Westminster prison for a row, three times—I have never been in Coldbath-fields—I do not know Harrison, the officer of the Mendicity Society; I have heard of him—he has never been up against me or my husband, that I know of—I was never charged with committing an offence in St. James's-park, or with passing base coin—no one went up-stairs with the prosecutrix, to my knowledge—I was in the kitchen, and went up when I heard "Murder!" called—Mrs. Hefferman was up in the second-floor, halloing "Murder!" from the front window—I did not see Mrs. M'Carthy at the prisoner's door—I did not knock at the prisoner's door—I saw him take the hatchet by the handle and strike her on the forehead—I heard no bad language—she had not left the kitchen five minutes before I followed her up—I have never said I would get as much money out of this case as I did out of the last.





JOHN HUDSON
 (policeman, B 80). On Saturday night, about a quarter-past ten o'clock, I heard a cry of "Murder!"—I found the prosecutrix bleeding profusely from a wound in the corner of the forehead—her clothes were in a complete mass of blood—I found the prisoner's door closed, and pushed it in—the prisoner stood with this chopper in his hand inside the door—I told him to mind what he was about, and requested him several times to lay it down—I was in my police clothes—I asked him the reason he did it—he said he would slaughter all the b—y lot of then, or any person who would insult his wife—I took him to the station with the chopper—he was not the worse for drink—he might have had a pint of beer—I took the prosecutrix to the hospital—she gave her evidence on the Wednesday, the other witnesses having given theirs on the Monday.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were the prisoner's wife and family? A. Standing inside the door—the prisoner was not sitting down by the fire—I did not ask him to show me the chopper; he had it in his hand.





WILLIAM DEWSLAP
. I am house-surgeon to the Westminster Hospital. The prosecutrix was brought there with a scalp-wound on the left side of the forehead—it was very deep—it was not bleeding then, but she was covered with blood—a very large portion of the bone was exposed; it was about two inches long, and of a very dangerous nature indeed—this chopper is a very likely instrument to have inflicted it—on the Monday I considered her too ill to go before the Magistrate—she went on the Wednesday, and returned and remained till the following Tuesday, and then went out of her own accord—I told her I did not consider her out of danger—the blow went off obliquely, if the axe had fallen perpendicularly, it would most likely have fractured her skull; and from the appearance and the force would most probably have killed her.
(Robert Greig, a plasterer, and Patrick M'Carthy, of Westminster, gave the prisoner a good character).




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix and Jury, on account of his children and his character.
—



Transported for Seven Years


