



423. 




ROBERT WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for a robbery (with others unknown) on 



Thomas Smith, and stealing from his person 18l. 10s. in money, I purse, and 2 keys, value 1s. 2d.; his goods.

Mr. METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS SMITH
. I am a butcher, at No. 6, Acre-lane, Brixton. On Thursday, 27th Jan., at a few minutes past 8 o'clock in the evening, as I was going along Brighton-terrace, which is a turning out of the Brixton-road, I was overtaken and accosted by a female, who asked me if I knew of a Dr. Wallis living in that neighbourhood—I told her I knew no such person, and she asked me some other question relative to a singing master, who I knew nothing about—I then walked on some few yards past a customer's, in Brighton-terrace, where I was going to, and then stopped—I was in the act of naming to her that there were some fresh families in a square just above, where she might probably find the person she was in search of, and at that moment the prisoner was stepping across the road towards where I was standing—there were the usual quantity of gas lamps about, one on each side of the road; about every thirty-five or forty yards—the prisoner came up to me, and said, "You d—d villain!" or some words to that effect, "you have insulted that woman"—before I could make any reply, he struck me a violent blow on the front of the face, and knocked me down; from the effect of the blow,

and the alarm, I was insensible for some short time—on coming to myself, I found myself lying on my right side, and saw the woman standing over me—I immediately got up, and saw the prisoner and another man going across the road; I had seen the other man following in the prisoner's wake as he came up to me, before he struck me—when I got up, the woman had got hold of me by the collar and the cuff of the coat—I immediately disengaged myself from her, and ran after the prisoner and his companion; they were then going down Brighton-terrace again, towards the Brixton-road; Brighton-terrace leads through a square, and turning to the left, leads near to Acre-lane; it was formerly closed at the end, but lately has been made a thoroughfare—when I first saw the prisoner, he appeared to have been up the terrace, and was coming back towards me, meeting me and the woman in an opposite direction—I pursued the prisoner and the other man—I passed the other man, who was the shorter of the two, and came up with the prisoner; he was just in the act of passing a lamp between him and me—I put my hand against him on the right side, and said, "You thief, you have got my purse"—I then saw his face very plainly; there was a lamp directly behind me—the light was clear upon his face; I saw his countenance as clearly and distinctly as I see it now—he said to me," Me? I never saw you before in my life"—he then turned up to where I had left his companion, and they both ran away together towards where the woman was left, back up to Brighton-terrace—they were the only persons I saw in Brighton-terrace—I pursued them, crying," Police! Stop thief!" very many times, until I brought out many of the neighbours on both sides of me; I pursued them up the terrace to a field at the top, where they made their escape—they went over into the field; I am quite sure the prisoner is one of the persons who went into the field—I immediately ran back, picked up my hat and umbrella, and went to the station-house, which did not take me more than two minutes—I got two policemen, and went with them to Shepherd's-lane, which leads to the field where I saw the men go in; it is no thoroughfare, I believe—we walked about thirty or forty yards up the lane, and met the prisoner coming down the lane from the direction of the field—directly I got to him I said, "That is the man that knocked me down; "this was not more than five minutes after I saw him go into the field—supposing him to have been the same person, he would have had to travel across the field, about 300 yards, and down the lane—I told the policemen that was the man who knocked me down, and the prisoner said, "Me? I never saw you before in my life"—I said, "So you told me before;" I then gave him in charge—there is a light at the end of the lane where we found him; I do not believe the lights go all the way up the lane, but they do at that end—the policemen asked what business he had there; he said he had been to the Exhibition (meaning the New Crystal Palace), looking for work, and had lost his way—the lane is not a place that could be taken for the high road; it is a narrow lane, with no thoroughfare—he said he was a stranger in London, and had only been three weeks from Manchester—this is my purse (produced); it was made by my daughter—I had it in my pocket when I was first accosted; I had not been out of my own house three minutes—it contained two 5l. Bank of England notes, and either 8l. 10s. or 9l. 10s. in gold, which was all gone when the purse was recovered—I missed my purse immediately on recovering my legs, after being knocked down—a man found the purse next morning in Acre-lane, just by my own house; I saw it afterwards before the Magistrate.

Cross-examined by Mr. PARRY. Q. I believe you had never seen this person before? A. Not to my knowledge—I saw two persons standing at

the corner of Acre-lane when I passed, but I cannot undertake to say that the prisoner was one of them—I was knocked down a very short time after the prisoner came up to me—it could not have been a very long time—when I recovered myself, the two men were just going from me, and were about fifteen yards off—they were just in the act of passing—they might have been the distance off me of one length and a half of this Court—it was not by any means a dark place; there was a gas lamp about as far from me as to the corner of this Court, directly behind—I speak to the prisoner without any doubt—when I recovered from the fall I saw the prisoner and the other man about the distance and a half of this Court—I got up and followed them—when I met the prisoner again he was coming towards me, but before that I had seen his face distinctly—he turned round and looked at me as he was on the kerb and I in the gutter—I had not lost sight of either of the men before that only for a very short time, while I was insensible, while they were robbing me—the field into which they went lies on the right of the Brixton-road—it is not usually crossed by passengers—people who do cross it are considered trespassers—there is no footpath across it, there may be a track—there is a fence to get over—having got into the field, the only outlet is where I met the prisoner—I do not think a person would go across that field going from the Crystal Palace to London—the City Reform Almshouses are situated in that field—tradespeople's boys may go over the fence as a near cut to the almshouses—it is not a near cut into Acre-lane and to Camberwell.
Mr. METCALFE. Q. Just tell me about these two persons you saw in Acre-lane? A. As I was leaving my own residence I saw two persons standing on my right at the corner of Acre-lane, and there was one man on the left whom I knew—he was not one of the men I afterwards saw—that is twenty-five yards from the corner of Brighton-terrace—about a minute and a a half after I passed the two men the woman spoke to me—it might have been perhaps three or four minutes after I passed the men that I was struck—my impression was that it was the same two men, although I cannot swear; they were both dressed in dark brown coats.

JURY. Q. Had you been drinking at all? A. No, I do not think I had taken any beer or spirits all day—I was perfectly sober; I was going out on business.





JOHN CHIVERS
. I am the pew-opener at Brixton Church. On 27th Jan., about 8 o'clock, I was at the corner of Acre-lane, and there saw the prisoner and another man and woman in company together—I am quite sure the prisoner was one of them—they were walking to and fro from Brighton-terrace to the corner of Acre-lane—I saw Mr. Smith go down the corner of Brighton-terrace—I then missed these men and woman suddenly—I had seen them immediately before Mr. Smith went down the terrace—I saw the prisoner's face, I am positive of him—there is a large linendraper's shop where I was standing; it was well lighted.

Cross-examined by Mr. RIBTON. Q. What sort of light was it? A. Gas-light—it was an open shop—there was light from the shop and the street likewise—they were walking on the footpath—there was an omnibus standing there, and a great many persons passing and repassing.





ROBERT HODDER
 (policeman, P 10). On 27th Jan., about half past 8 o'clock, Mr. Smith came to the station, and in consequence of what he said I went with him to Shepherd's-lane, coming down which we met the prisoner coming in an opposite direction to the Brixton-road—that is no thoroughfare—immediately Mr. Smith saw him he said, "That is the man who knocked me down"—the prisoner said, "Me? I never saw you before

in my life"—he said he was on his way from the Great Exhibition at Norwood, where he had been looking for work—he said he lived at Nightingale-lane, Paddington—I have made inquiries, and cannot find such a place.

Cross-examined. Q. Paddington is a very large place? A. It is; I did not look in the Directory—persons never go across this field, not unless they trespass—I am not aware they are in the habit of doing so—this lane leads to the Brixton-road.





MICHAEL WOOD
. I am a carman, and live at Brixton. On 28th Jan., a little before 8 o'clock in the morning, I picked up this purse—it was lying by the side of the road in Acre-lane, just where the road leads out from Brighton-terrace, about twenty yards from Brighton-terrace—it was empty, as it is now.





THOMAS SMITH

re-examined. I had the purse in my left trowsers pocket—I was too much stunned to feel what was done to me—when I came to myself I was on my knee and elbow on my side, and the woman had hold of me by the collar with one arm and by the left arm with the other—she clung to the cuff of my coat and said, "Oh, good God! what is the matter? what is the matter? pray don't leave me"—I said, "Oh, you hussey, you know very well what's the matter!"—she tried to detain me in that way.




GUILTY
. (The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





MARK LOOME
 (
police sergeant, B 11). I have known the prisoner eight or nine years—was present when he was tried with two others in Nov., 1849, in the Third Court, for stealing a watch and other articles in a dwelling house—he had twelvemonths' imprisonment—he was tried by the name of 


Robert Murless (certificate read)—the prisoner is the person there named.

Prisoner. It is true I was convicted.


GUILTY. Aged 50.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

