



601. 




SAMUEL TAYLOR



, stealing 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 half-sovereign, 4 shillings, 5 sixpences, 7 groats, and 1 threepenny-piece; the property of 



Edward John Miles Homer, from the person of 



Eleanor Homer: having been before convicted.






JAMES ASKEW
. I live at 12, Queen-street, Horsleydown. On Monday morning, 18th Feb., I saw two ladies looking into a shop in Bishopsgate-street, and I saw the prisoner trying pockets—when be was trying the pockets his hand was uncovered—the ladies went to the next house, and then the prisoner put his hand under his own coat, and put his hand to the lady's pocket, and took something out and put it into his own pocket—I followed him down Threadneedle-street—I there saw him take some money out of his pocket and count it, and in Finch-lane I saw him take a piece of paper out of his pocket and chew it, and spit it out—I followed him to Cornhill.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How near were you to the prisoner when you saw him picking pockets? A. I was going past him—I was on the kerb; he was at the window—I only saw him try the lady's pocket—he tried it twice, and did not succeed—he then tried a third time, and did succeed—when he made the third attempt, I had crossed over to the other side of the road and watched him—I suspected him—there was no one with me—I was going after a situation—this was near St. Helen's-place—he then went up Thread-needle-street, and I followed him into Cornhill—I was on one side, and he on the other—I never lost sight of him—the lady did not go with me; I left her looking in at the shop window—I asked the lady if she had lost anything—she said she had—I left her, and went after the prisoner—I gave him into custody—I was shopman to a leather-cutter about nine months—I am now out of a situation—I did live with Mr. Wilson, in Old-street-road—a gentleman here knows that, I did live with a tinman, and with a cheesemonger, and a stationer—the stationer went into the country, and the cheesemonger's brother came out of the country, and he said he should not want me any longer—I left the tinman to go to a better place, to the leather-cutter's—I was then going after a situation, to a leather-cutter, named Laylard, in Shoreditch, but I did not get the situation; he was suited when I went—I have never been a witness before, nor in any other situation in a Court—I have lived at Queen-street, Horsleydown, seven or eight years.





ELEANOR HOMER
. I am the wife of Edward John Miles Homer—he keeps

the Lord Hood tavern, at Limehouse. On 18th Feb. I had been to Dr. Solley, the physician, and I was in the act of waiting in the street for a cab—I looked into a shop window till a cab came up—I missed my purse, which contained 3l. 10s. in gold—I had a sovereign and half-sovereigns, and between 10s. and 12s. in silver, and a prescription written on a paper—I had some fourpenny-pieces, some shillings and sixpences, and one threepenny-piece—I lost the purse and all its contents.

Cross-examined. Q. You had three sovereigns and a half you say in the indictment? A. Yes, in amount—I had 4l. 10s. in gold when I left home—I had given Dr. Solley a sovereign and a shilling—I will swear that I had more than one half-sovereign in my purse—I will swear I had a 3d. piece; my husband gave it me, I came out in a hurry, and I had no silver, I asked him to give me some, and he went to the desk and gave me some silver—when I got to the railway-station, I dropped the 3d. piece on the counter—I took it up, and put it in my purse again—this is my signature to this deposition—it was read to me.—(The witness's deposition being read, stated, "I had three sovereigns, one half-sovereign, and, I believe, about 10s. or 12s. in silver; there were some 4d.-pieces with the silver")—I still say that I had more than one half-sovereign, and that I had a 3d.-piece—my husband did not give me the gold; I took that from a box in the drawer before I went out.





CHARLES WILLIAM NICKS
 (City policeman,491). I took the prisoner in custody in Cornhill, from the information of Askew—he was 500 or 600 yards from the spot where the robbery is supposed to have occurred—I said, "You have robbed the lady"—he said, "No, I have not," and he took some 4d.-pieces in his hand, and said, "That is all the money I have got"—I was going to search him, and he put his left hand into his left-hand waistcoat-pocket, and took out some shillings and sixpences—I made him put them all together, and put them into his pocket—I took him to the station, and found on him one sovereign, two half-sovereigns, four shillings, five sixpences, seven groats, and one 3d.-piece.





EDWARD JOHN MILES HOMER
. I gave my wife some silver, as far as my recollection goes—I know there was one 3d.-piece, and five 4d.-pieces.





GEORGE ADAMS
 (policeman, M 156). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted December, 1848, of larceny from the person, and confined one month and whipped)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
