



636. 




HENRY EYLES



, breaking and entering the shop of 



Joseph Holt, and stealing 2 metal snuff-boxes, and other articles, value 2l. 2s., his goods.






ALEXANDER BARTLETT
 (police-sergeant, T 45). On 12th of Feb. I met the prisoner, about half-past three o'clock in the morning, in Great St. Andrew-street, Seven-dials, with two other men—I did not speak to him then—about half-past five I saw them all three coming down Church-passage—the prisoner was following the other two—I stopped him, and said, "What have you got here?"—I put my hand on his right-hand coat-pocket, and felt these things rattle—he said, "It is all right"—I took these things out, and these nine skeleton-keys—he had this jemmy under his right arm, and these lucifer-matches and some wax-taper in his waistcoat-pocket—I took him into custody—I tried these skeleton-keys at 66, Dean-street—five of them will open the shop-door, and this one will open the private street-door.





JOSEPH HOLT
. I am a chaser; I have a shop at 66, Dean-street, in the parish of St. Anne, Westminster—I live in Camden-town. On 11th Feb. I left my shop about eight o'clock in the evening—the things were all in proper order, and the shop safely locked up—next morning I found the shop-door nailed up—I went in, and missed all the things mentioned—these articles produced were in the shop when I left the evening before, and were gone in the morning—the value of all I lost was about 11l.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Are you sure you left the shop

perfectly locked? A. Yes, and the window was fastened with bars and screws—I sell pictures and a variety of things—I lost six or seven pins, some paint-brushes and buckles, and two snuff-boxes, in addition to what are here.





REUBEN BAXTER
. I am a paper-hanger, and lodge at 66, Dean-street, where this shop is—it is let out in lodgings—the landlord does not live on the premises—on the morning of 12th Feb. my bell rang at six o'clock—I went down, and found Mr. Holt's shop-door open—I nailed it up.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

