



1456. 




MARTHA ROGERS



, stealing from a post-letter a 10l. Bank-note; the property of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-General.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN RICE
. I live at Notting-hill-square. On 4th June I wrote this letter to my daughter, and put this 10l.-note into it—this is a memorandum of the number and date, which I made at the time—I fastened the letter, and also stuck on a black medallion wafer—I took it to the post-office at Notting-hill, kept by Miss Underwood, and gave it to her, with a 6d. for the registration-fee, desiring that it might be registered—Miss Underwood was busy, and put the letter into a glass book-case behind her, and asked me to call again for the receipt—I asked to see the letter again, to see that I had left the right one, and the prisoner handed it to me—I merely looked at it, and left it in her hand—I then left the shop, and called in half or three-quarters of an hour for the receipt, which I received from Miss Underwood—I do not recollect whether the prisoner was present—I afterwards heard that the letter was not right, and made an application to the Post-office.





SOPHIA UNDERWOOD
. I live at Notting-hill, and keep the post-office; The prisoner was my servant, and used to assist me in getting up the letters and stamping them—on 4th June Mrs. Rice handed me a letter—I believe this to be the cover of it (produced)—I was making up the 4 o'clock delivery—I received the 6d. for the registration, and asked her to come again for the certificate—I put it into a glass-case behind me, in the prisoner's presence, till I had an opportunity of registering it—Mrs. Rice came again, about 5, and I marked "Registered letter" on it, and stamped it—this is my mark in red chalk—I tied it round with string, entered it on the bill, and gave it to the letter-carrier when he came—there was no other registered letter that dispatch—the prisoner had access to the glass-case—I may have been out of the shop at the time the letter remained at the office; I do not recollect it—the prisoner was with me nearly the whole of the time.


Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You tied the letter up separately with string? A. I tied string round it to mark it—a registered letter is always crossed with string—I never kept letters in the glass-case, except on any occasion when I have not time to register them, that they might not be mixed with other letters—if I had had time to register it I should have put it with the other letters which were going out—I think the letter-carrier had got it when Mrs. Rice came for the receipt—after stamping it, I put it into the same place till be arrived—I received a very good character with the prisoner.





EGERTON PHILIP OTLEY BARNES
. I am a surgeon, residing at Alderney; I married Mrs. Rice's daughter. I was present when the postmaster delivered this letter addressed to my wife, on 6th June—I opened it immediately—there was no note in it—I wrote to Colonel Maberley.





EMMBLINE GRIFFITHS
. I am the wife of James Griffiths, a linendraper, of High-street, Notting-hill. I know the prisoner as Miss Underwood's servant—on 5th June she came and purchased articles to the amount of between 4l. and 5l., and paid with a 10l.-note—I gave it to my husband, who was in the shop—he gave me the change, which I gave to the prisoner—she did not take all the goods with her—she directed me to take a piece of silk to a dressmaker's, to be made up.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known her before she lived at the post-office? A. No; I saw her frequently, she was in the shop nearly every day—I live about ten minutes' walk from Miss Underwood's shop—I never saw her at the post-office—she told me she lived there.





JAMES GRIFFITHS
. I am the husband of the last witness. I was present on 5th June when the prisoner bought these articles, and paid for them with a 10l.-note, which I took—I paid it, on 4th June, to Forster and Co., of Wood-street, Cheapside, to a cashier named Griffiths, who wrote my name on it—this is it (produced)—I had no other 10l.-note between 5th and 11th June.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you any 5l.-notes? A. Yes; my wife had access to the box where the notes were kept—she received money in my absence but would not pay it—if a customer came with a 10l.-note, and spent 2l. she might give a 5l.-note and three sovereigns in change—I took notice of the number of the note either when I received it or paid it away—I paid Mr. Griffiths 42l. in notes and gold—I have no memorandum to show what the notes were—I was behind the counter when I received the note—I put it in my pocket till I took the cash for the day, when I put it in the cash-box—to the best of my knowledge I had not been to the cash-box to take out any notes between the 8th and 11th.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you pay any other 10l.-note to Forster and Co. that day? A. No; only one—the cash-box was left in the desk—my wife had access to it.





EMMELINE GRIFFITHS

re-examined, I took no note out of the cash-box between 5th and 11th June—I had not occasion to give any one change between 5th and 11th June—I took no other 10l.-note between those times.





JOHN LEWELLYN GRIFFITHS
. I am clerk to Forster and Co., of Wood-street, Cheapside. On 11th June I received this 10l.-note, No. 36605, April 10, 1851, from Mr. Griffiths—I wrote his name on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you a memorandum of the moneys you received from Mr. Griffiths on the 11th? A. No; only the total; but I only received one 10l.-note from him—I wrote his name on all the notes.





WALTER ROBERTSON SCULTHORPE
. I am one of the presidents of the General Post-office. In consequence of a communication made there, I went on 17th June to Notting-hill, and found the prisoner at Miss Underwood's

post-office—I asked whether she had bought any goods lately at Mr. Griffiths'—she said she had (she knew me, having seen me a few days previously)—I asked her if she had changed a 10l.-note there—she said, "Yes"—I asked who she received it from—she said she had it before she left Mr. Hall's, on 1st Feb.—I said, "The note you changed at Mr. Griffiths's, on 5th June, is the note which was inclosed in a registered letter on 4th June, and posted it your office"—she said, "I received it on 1st Feb. before I left Mr. Hall's"—I then gave her into custody.





WILLIAM RUSSELL
. I am one of the police-constables attached to the Post-office. I took the prisoner by Mr. Sculthorpe's direction—in consequence of information I went to Mrs. Oliver's, 1, High-street, Notting-hill, where I obtained a parasol, a pair of cuffs, a quantity of damask, and other articles, which I afterwards showed to the prisoner at Miss Underwood's—when I opened the box they were in she took hold of the shawl, and said, "This is not the shawl I bought of Mr. Griffiths when I changed the note"—she selected this shawl, the damask, cuffs, pair of gloves, and parasol, from the box—I received 6l. from Mrs. Oliver; and 12s. was found in the tea-caddy, which the prisoner gave me the keys of; and 11s. 1d. in a purse upon her.





ELIZABETH OLIVER
. I gave these articles to the officer—I got them from the prisoner—she left 6l. with me, I think on 8th June.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known her for any length of time? A. Yes; I was in the habit of visiting the family—I thought very highly of her—I had not been in the habit of having money of her's previously; but she had left the articles of dress with me to be repaired or made—I have known her three or four years—she has been a servant in that neighbourhood—her character has been very good indeed.





RICHARD ADTE BAILEY
. I come from the Bank of England. This note was not in circulation till after 10th April, 1851—there is only one note of the same number and date in circulation at the same time.

MR. O'BRIEN
submitted that the letter was not a post-letter before it was stamped, and that the note might have been abstracted before that time: and that if the postmistress did anything inconsistent with her duty after the delivery of the letter it would have the effect of disposting it, referring to Reg. v. Harley, 1 Car. and Kir., where the letter was merely left on the counter, with a penny, before a servant not authorised to receive it, it was held that it did not acquire the peculiar character of a post-letter.

MR. BODKIN
relied upon the words of the statute. "shall be deemed a post-letter from the time of its delivery to the post-office." The
COURT
considered it to be a post-letter within the meaning of the statute.

Edward Bevan, grocer, of Brompton, and Henry Fisher, of Ladbrook-groove, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
