




1749. 




PHILIP LONG
 and 




THOMAS PICKERING



, stealing 7 tons of guano, value 60l., and 100 canvas bags, value 3l.; the goods of 



Robert Scholfield. Other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE DRURY
. The vessel called the Albion, belongs to me, she is a billy-boy—I was employed by Mr. Scholfield, of Sand-hill, Yorkshire, to bring some guano from London—I arrived in the river from Yorkshire somewhere before 14th May—I got a delivery-order for 14 tons of guano from Messrs. Anthony Gibbs and Co., on 14th May—this is it (produced)—the order had been given before—my vessel was lying at Cotton's-wharf, London-bridge—I know Long very well, he is a lighterman, I employed him about the guano—I first saw him about it on Thursday morning, 15th May—I gave him this order, and told him I wanted him to fetch 14 tons of guano from the West India Docks—the order was for delivery on Friday, 16th May, the day after I gave it him—this is my name, but I did not write it—I do not know whose writing it is—he was to bring the guano as soon as he got it—he ought to have got it on the Friday, according to the order—he said he had a barge in the docks, and he might perhaps get it on the Thursday, which would save us a day—I did not see him again till the Monday morning, when the barge tame alongside, and he came afterwards—(I had inquired for him at his residence on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, two or three times a day, but could hear nothing of him)—I asked him about the delay, he said he did not get the guano till late on Saturday night, and thought it was no use to bring it out till the Monday morning, because the barge would be much safer in the docks, and he thought we should not have taken it in on Sunday if he had brought it—the barge was then unloaded into my ship; as the bags came up the ship's side, they looked less than bags of guano which I have taken before, and I said I thought they looked less than I was used to—Long said he did not think there was any difference in them—I was to receive 220 bags, but there were 221—I said we never had any over before, and it was rather strange—my mate found it out, and said there was one over, and Long said he knew it, they had given one over this time—the barge which brought the guano was called the Old Soul—I paid Long, and he went away—I had no other guano on board—I immediately set sail for Yorkshire, and delivered the guano at Mr. Scholfield's place—I was afterwards fetched ashore to look as some guano, I cannot say whether it was the same—this (produced) is one of the bags I brought up—it was given roe by Gelder, Mr. Scholfield's foreman, and I delivered it to Messrs. Gibbs and Co., at their office, where I saw a sample taken out of it, which I took to Professor Way—I did not see the bag weighed.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. How long have you known Long? A. Four or five years—I never knew anything against him, only drinking a little bit—when a cargo of guano is ordered, it takes its turn in delivery—I

have known it not to be delivered for two days afterwards, but very seldom—this is the sack I brought from Yorkshire, it is one of those I took there—I identify it by the seals—it was not emptied in Yorkshire; it had no seal on it before it went there—it is done up in the same way as those I took down—Long has no other barge, to my knowledge; the name Old Soul is painted in the inside of the stern-sheets, which is the after end of the barge—I never saw this endorsement on the order till to-day—I did not authorise any person to put my name on it.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. You saw the order at the police-office? A. Yes; but I did not look at it; the bag remained sealed up, and in my custody, till I saw the seal broken at Messrs. Gibbs—all the bags I received from Long were rolled over at the top as if they were not full; that struck my attention—the bags I had received before used to be filled right up to the top, and the edges sewn together—those were some of the circumstances I remarked to Long.





WILLIAM KNOWLES
. I am a foreman at the East and West India Docks. I am not check clerk in point of fact, but I do that duty—I have to attend to the delivery of goods on delivery-orders—on 16th May there was a vessel in the docks called the Invermore, laden with guano—it is my duty to see to the delivery of guano on such orders as this—I received this order on 17th May, it is dated the 14th, for delivery on the 16th—I do not know who brought it to me—I know Long by sight—I was on shore when it was brought—I delivered from the Invermore, 14 tons, 6 cwt, 1 qr., 1 lb. of guano—I saw Long on board the Invermore on Saturday, 17th—I saw him on 16th, and Pickering—there was a person with him who I have seen before—I have seen him since frequently, and have heard him called Joseph Fulmer, or something like that—I should know him again if I were to see him—I have seen him with Pickering—I have not heard it stated who he is in Pickering's presence, nor in Long's, so as for him to hear it—the guano was delivered into the Old Soul between 12 and half-past 2 o'clock—Long was standing by looking after his craft, and urging the men to get it done as quickly as they could—he said he would give them some beer if they would make haste and save the tide—I keep a book in which I enter the numbers and weight of the bags before they are put over the ship's side—the bags were Nos. 6102 to 6321—when that, was done, I made an indorsement on the order, and took a receipt—every bag was numbered consecutively—as soon as the delivery is complete, I make an indorsement on the delivery-order, and then it is signed by the working lighterman who takes the stuff in—his name is Carney, his name is here—I send the note to the Dock Company's-office—I am present all the time taking the account—it was delivered in linen bags similar to this.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Is it an unusual thing for a lighter-man, or a carman to take another's book, and do his work for him? A. I do not understand whether they keep a pass-book, I know nothing of it—a man may send another to do his business for him, or he may come himself—for one lighterman to come with another lighterman's barge, is a thing which might be done, and not he regular.





WILLIAM LOWEN
. I am a labourer in the East and West India Docks, I recollect the delivery of the guano from the Invermore into the Old Soul—I marked the bags as they were put into the scale—I did not mark the weights—they were quite full to the top—there was no space which could be folded over—I am acquainted with bags used in this way—I have examined twenty three bags at the police-office, out of which there were four which I had marked—the other nineteen were not my marking—here is one bag here

which has no mark—one bag was marked "6304," or "6305"—that was not my mark—I saw Long there during the delivery.





MICHAEL HURLEY
. I am a labourer, in the East and West India Docks. On 17th May I weighed the bags of guano, and called out the weights to Mr. Knowles, who entered them in his book—they were all full right up to the top—no part lapped down.





WILLIAM WELDON
. I am ledger-clerk in the East and West India Docks. When guano is delivered, my duty is to receive the delivery-order, and then sign the pass-note, and give it to the lighterman, and that clears him into the basin—I signed a pass-note to the lighterman with reference to these—I cannot say who I gave it to.





VALENTINE CHARLES FRIEND
. I am a dock-constable. I produce a pats-note, signed by Mr. Weldon—it was delivered to me by some person, and on that I gave a counter-pass, which was for the purpose of passing the vessel out of the basin into the river—the pass given by Mr. Weldon passes them from the Export dock into Limehouse basin, and the counter-pass is to go from the basin into the river.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. You do not know the person who received and who gave the note? A. I do not know who the party was from whom I received the original pass; I may have seen him before.

COURT. Q. I see it is for 220 bags; was it your duty to see that there was that number? A. No; it is impossible—"Unable to count" is on it, in my writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did the barge Effort go out the same day? A. Yes, and somewhere about the same time—it was loaded with guano.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do you know how much there was? A. 159 bags (looking at his book); all I know is, that was the number in the pass.





HENRY FINNIS
. I am lock-man, in the East and West India Docks. I produce a counter-pass signed by Friend—it is my duty to make a minute of the time when the barges pass out—I have my book here—the Old Soul left the basin, and went into the river at 2 o'clock, on the 17th—it was high water at 25 minutes past 3—there was an hour and twenty-five minutes for the tide to run up then—the tide would be about a quarter of an hour later at London-bridge, which would be an hour and forty minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Do you know anything of the Old Sonl after the guano was taken out of her? A. I know nothing of what became of her after she went out of dock; the Effort was also loaded with guano.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did the Effort pass out? A. At the same time with the Old Soul.


MR. ROBINSON. Q. Was there any more guano put on board the Old Soul in the basin except the 220 bags? A. No; the Customs authorities would not allow that.





SAMUEL TAYLOR
. The delivery-order found its way into my possession eventually—it is my duty to take samples from the ships—I took a sample from the Invermore; I do not know on what day—that is to keep in case of reference—I gave a portion of that to James Cruikshank—we take the sample when the cargo is about half discharged, so as to get a fair sample—it is all in bulk—the cargo was entirely of one quality, and of a good, fair, light quality.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Try and remember when the sample

was taken? A. I cannot without referring to the check-book; I am positive it was in May.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the Invermore laden in bulk? A. Yes, not in bags—the men employed on board the ship bag the bulk—the bags are supplied by Messrs. Gibbs—we know they are empty when they are brought, and it is my duty to see that they are well filled—they art delivered over the side into the lighter in bags, or landed.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. These bags are sent by Messrs. Gibbs by thousands? A. By hundreds of thousands; they are all of one quality.





JAMES CRUIKSHANK
. I received a sample from Taylor, I carried it to Professor Way.





JOHN THOMAS WAY
. I am professor of chemistry to the Royal Agricultural Society, and live in Holies-street. My attention has been very much directed to the subject of manures—I understand guano—I have analyzed many hundred specimens—I received one sample from Cruikshank, and another from Captain Drury—I have analyzed them—there were two analyseses made of the sample from Captain Drury, which agree very well with each other—what I received from Cruikshank was pure guano—the component parts of the pure were, moisture, 8.71 per cent.; animal matter and salts of ammonia, 57.54; sand, 1.23; earthy phosphates, 21.06; earthy salts, 11.66—the animal matter furnishes 14.77 per cent, of nitrogen, which is equal to 17.93 of ammonia—the specific gravity is 1/65—the two principal fertilizing ingredients are ammonia and phosphate of lime—they are the most material ingredients—there is only 79 per cent, of fertilizing matter in it—the sand is about 11/4 per cent.—the samples I received from Captain Drury gave animal matter and ammonia 26.68; the phosphate, 12.58; clay and sand, 45.67; the nitrogen was 6.52, equal to 7.91 of ammonia; the specific gravity of that, in relation to water, is 2.97—the alkaline salts are 6.16; the moisture, 8.91—that makes up the hundred, leaving out, of coarse, the nitrogen; that is a separate calculation—one sample weighs rather more than half as much again as water, and the other twice as much—the impure is the heaviest—guano is a very light substance—the greater part of it is clay—there is a great deal of iron in the clay—the benefit of that is given to the earthy phosphates—all clay contains iron, except the white pure clay; that is free from iron—I did not detect any iron beyond what I should expect to find in clay—the guano was not improved; it was about half its former value, both in point of money and utility as a manure.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you an agriculturist? A. No; I have abundant opportunity of knowing whether it is chemical guane, or whether it is the feces of the bird in Peru—I performed the analysis is my own laboratory—there are of course spurious kinds of guano, chemical guano—I have plenty of salts of ammonia in my laboratory—after I had made the analysis, I was shown some different combinations, which were said to have been found in Pickering's warehouse, to know whether they produced the result which I found in Drury's guano—my answer was that they were not the same combination.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. One of the samples you looked at under such circumstances was of precisely the same character as that given you by Drury? A. It was adulterated with the same substances, but was rather more adulterated.





EDWARD GELDER
. I am farm-bailiff to Mr. Scholfield, of Houghton, is Yorkshire. I recollect Captain Drury bringing fourteen tons of guano there—I saw it taken out of the ship, and put into Mr. Scholfield's stable, where

is kept on purpose for it—I noticed that the bags were shorter than we used to have—they were folded in at the top from four to six inches—when unlapped they were as long as the others—the guano was heavier than we used to have—some portion of it was used immediately, and it stuck to the shovel more than usual—I made a communication to my master about it—we had had just the same quantity in before, fourteen tons—this occupied a much smaller space in the stable than the former fourteen tons—I gave one of the bags to Captain Drury—it had never been emptied—this is one of them—I brought five up with me—I saw twenty bags sealed in Yorkshire—I afterwards cut them open at Messrs. Gibbs's—they were all part of what Drury had brought down.





JOHN LEGG
. I am in the employ of the Regent's Canal Company. On Sunday morning, 18th May, I was on duty there, near Pickering's Wharf, about two or three hundred yards from it—it is in Limehouse, between the West India Docks and London—I saw men at work at Pickering's Wharf carrying bags—I did not count the men—I saw a barge there—I cannot say, on my oath, what the name was; I could not see any name—I could not see the stern of the barge—she was a cabin barge—the name was in front—to the best of my belief it was the Old Soul, but I never saw the name—all the name I could see was, "OU L," written in front of the barge, in front of the cabin—I know what the stern-sheets are—I saw no name written on the stern-sheets—the men were carrying bags into Mr. Pickering's place, out of the barge on which I saw the "OUL."

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How near were you when you saw the "OU L" on the front of the cabin? A. Between two and three hundred yards from it—it was on the stern of the barge, the end; it was not where the stern-sheets are—I cannot say whether the cabin is ahead or astern of the barge—I was on the Regent's Pier Company's pier-head—there was a pier between me and the barge—it was not higher than I was—our pier-head is level with the top, and the barge was down below; the water was six or eight feet.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Is it a usual thing for barges to be emptied on a Sunday? A. No.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. It is not usual? A. No; I have not noticed it—I have been there seven or eight Sundays, and have never seen a barge unloaded—I was backwards and forwards, on duty, from eight o'clock in the morning till eight in the evening, and this was going on for a considerable part of that time—when I saw the "OU L," I was on the pier—I was higher than the barge, and could see into it, and saw those letters.

COURT. Q. When you saw the letters "OU L," how far were you from the barge? A. Two hundred yards—I saw the "O U L" in front of the cabin—she was lying with her head towards Pickering's Wharf, and her stern towards the river—I was broadside to her—I cannot say what colour the letters were painted in—I think they were gilted like gold letters.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. Were there other barges lying between the Old Soul and you? A. No.





WILLIAM HILLS
. I am in the employ of the East and West India Docks. In May last, I was in the employ of Mr. Pickering—I went home ill on Sunday, 11th May—on the next Sunday, the 18th, between 9 and 10 o'clock in the morning, I was on the pier overlooking Pickering's Wharf—there was a barge being unloaded there—I noticed the name—it was the Old Soul, and contained guano—I went again in the afternoon, and saw them loading what I thought was guano into the Old Soul, but they were shorter bags than those

taken out in the morning, which I had noticed—I saw Long there—he was marking the bags—I was not with Legg—I was on the pier-head, nearest to Pickering's Wharf.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you go by any other name than Hill? A. No; I never went by the name of Heard—on 18th May I was lodging with Mr. Pickering's first mother-in-law, Mrs. Perkins—she then lived at 6, Brown's-buildings, Green-street, St. George's—I should say that is nearly four miles and a half from Pickering's Wharf—I never promised any marriage to Mrs. Perkins's daughter—she went and put the banns up unknown to me—I never knew it till it was done—I cannot say when it was done—I was not unwell on 18th May—I was not staying at my lodging all day—I do not know Richard Ellis, of Whiting-street, Waterloo-road, a shoemaker—he was not to my knowledge in my company at Brown's-buildings, Green-street, St. George's, at 9 o'clock in the morning, of 18th May—I cannot say whether he was there, for I was gone—he was not with me all day—I was not unwell, and in bed at that time—there was no other man at my lodging with me—he did not remain with me till 5 in the afternoon—I never saw him to my knowledge.
(Richard Ellis was called, but did not appear.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Where were you standing? A. On the pier-head, forty yards I should say from the Old Soul—I can read and write—I am a labourer—I was not at work then—I had been out of work one week—I labour in the docks at present—the last man I worked for was Mr. Pickering—I was not turned away; I left on 11th May, on account of illness—Thomas, the policeman, found me out for a witness, and came to me—I mentioned to him what I had seen—I have never gone by any other name, and was never a witness before, nor summoned before a Magistrate.

COURT. Q. You were ill on 11th May? A. Yes, but not on the 18th—I continued ill two or three days—I kept at home all day Monday, 11th May, but not afterwards.





HENRY HORN
. I am a labourer. On Saturday, 17th May, I was engaged near Pickering's Wharf—I saw two barges there, the Ann and tie Old Soul—I received directions from Joseph Dellmott to get men to work a barge—he used formerly to be a relation of Pickering's—in consequence of those directions, I went to work with some men at 3 o'clock on the Saturday, at the wharf, unloading the Ann and the Old Soul—we began to unload the Old Soul at 5, and went on till 9—the bags were taken to the first-floor of Mr. Pickering's premises—about 9 we had about half unloaded the barge—I saw Pickering there at 9, and we were paid, in his presence, 3s. each, for working from 3 o'clock—I received directions from Pickering to get ten men to come to work on Sunday morning, after breakfast—I got ten men next morning, and went to work—I saw Long there—we continued to unload the Old Soul—after she was unloaded, Pickering came—it was then past 10 in the morning—he said, "How are you getting on, lads?" and left directly—I did not go up-stairs—I was placed at the scale, to take the weights, and do what was required—stuff was put into the scale—it came from up-stairs—Long was at the scale while I was there—the bags which were brought from up-stairs were put into the scale, and were made weight according to the weight which Gibbs, the boy, gave from a book, with the number of the bag—the stuff was put in to make up that weight—the stuff came down in a basket from up-stairs—when that was done, I took the bag from the scale, and it was sewn up by two or three men, and put on board the Old Soul—one man

was named Pugb, and one Armagh—Mr. Long marled them—I only saw Pickering there once while I was weighing.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you see a barge there named Effort? A. No, there was no third barge there, to my knowledge—the Ann and the Old Soul were the only two I saw near to Pickering's Wharf—I am now a labourer, and have been abroad lately; I came back in March, 1850, from Gibraltar—I was sent there as a convict—I was there four years and seven months, going and coming back—it was a sentence of seven years, for felony; unlawful possession of carpenter's tools, for stealing them—I have been in custody once since I returned; that was last March; it was for in assault; throwing a man into the river—I have worked at the Docks lately, with any one who will employ me—Thomas, the policeman, applied to me to be a witness in this case—he found me at the Moor's Arms—I had not made any previous communication to him—he came to me first—to the best of my knowledge, it was five or six weeks ago.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Have, you been at work for the Messrs. Gibbs since this? A. No, for the Dock Company—I have only been in custody once since my return from transportation—I have been in custody for assault twice, but nothing else—the other time was for being drank and disorderly—I had been in custody before I was transported—I was imprisoned nine months for stealing lead—(I am twenty-seven years old)—before that I was in custody on suspicion of stealing some rope—I was innocent of that—I do not know what became of it—before that I was in custody for lead—I was sent to the House of Correction for six weeks—that was the first time I was in custody—I was never charged with stealing a silk-handkerchief and snuff-box from Ratcliff-highway; nothing of the kind—I am at work now—I was paid 13s. 2d. last night, by Mr. Knight, for five days and two hours' work—I have had no expenses here yet.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You were sentenced to be transported about five or six years ago? A. Yes; at that time I was tried on a previous conviction as well—I came away before my time, in consequence of my general good conduct, of which I have a certificate—since I have been in this country I have not been under any charge of dishonesty—I have been in charge for being drunk, and for throwing a man into the river—the man got out—I had a month's imprisonment or a fine of 5l., and I served the time—I do not think Pickering knew, when I went into his service, that I had been transported—I have known him about fourteen months, and Long about seven months—the man was thrown into the river near the Britannia-bridge, Limehouse—I was working with Pickering at that time.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you remember telling Mr. Pickering you had been offered 5l. and a good situation if you became a witness in this case? A. I swear I did not—I saw Pickering at a public-house when Thomas, the officer, was there—I did not say, "This is Thomas, the officer; I am to have 5l. and a good situation"—Pickering did say, "You will be subpoenaed, go and speak the truth."

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was this in the presence of Thomas, the officer? A. No, nobody was present but him and me—it was on the Monday before he had his second remand—it was on the canal-bridge—I saw him very promiscuously; and he said there was a subpoena served on me, and I was to go and speak the truth—nothing passed about 5l., neither with Thomas nor did I tell Pickering so.





JAMES HOPSQN GIBBS
. I am fifteen years old; I live with my parents in Thomas-street, Horselydown. In May last, I was in the service of Mr.

Pickering, as clerk—I know Mr. Long—on Saturday, 17th May, I was employed at Union Wharf, Limehouse—I saw Mr. Long that afternoon—I cannot say at what time—it was before high-water—there were two barges at the wharf at that time—they were the Ann and the Old Soul—I had not seen the Effort—the Ann was loaded with hay—the Old Soul was moored to the timber—she was laden with guano—when she was brought alongside the wharf, the guano was taken out—it was in bags—there was a number and weight on the bags—the number and weight of each bag was called out, and I put it down in a book belonging to Mr. Pickering, and I left it there—after the bags were landed from the Old Soul, some of them were taken to the ground-floor, and some up-stairs—I did not notice those on the ground-floor that evening—we went off work between 6 and 7 o'clock that evening—Mr. Pickering was then in the counting-house—I did not see him on the wharf while the Old Soul was unloading—when we left off work, I saw him come out of the counting-house to cross the wharf to go to his own house—he lives on the premises, and is the occupier of the whole wharf—he paid me that night—Mr. Long said it was Mr. Pickering's orders that we were to come to work the next morning—I reached the wharf the next morning about ten—I found the men at work—they were then putting it into the barge—I had not taken the weight and number of all of it on the night before—the men were at work in the morning when I got there—the barge had been unloaded, and while it was being reloaded I called the weights and numbers out which I had entered the night before; and when the men called out it was all right, I ticked them off—we worked that night till about five or six—I was not paid—I saw some foswill mixed with the guano, that had been taken from the Old Soul—the colour of the foswill is something like guano—when it was mixed with the guano it was put in the bags, and some of them were put in the Old Soul.


COURT. Q. Where was it mixed? A. Up-stairs—I was up there some part of the time—I was up and down—I saw Mr. Long up-stairs while it was being mixed—I do not know where Mr. Pickering was at the time.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You did not get there till 10 o'clock, or a little after, in the morning? A. No; I did not see Mr. Pickering that day—I was paid for that day's work on the next Saturday night—when I got there at ten in the morning, I found Henry Horn there—I recollect Mr. Pickering being taken into custody—I went to see him on the 2nd of August—I went in a cart with his brother-in-law, Mr. Dellmott, and Mrs. Pickering—Mrs. Pickering went, in first, and after that I went in—I was told he wanted to see me—I went in and he asked me if anybody had asked me any questions—I said "No"—no one had asked me any questions at that time—he said, "If anybody asks you anything, don't tell them," or "don't know," or words to that effect.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. What age are you? A. Fifteen—I had been in another employ—I knew the last witness, Horn, by sight—I know he has worked for Mr. Pickering—I have not been in the habit of going in his company no further than when he has been at work—I might have drank with him—he has never given me anything—I may have drank with him on the wharf—I was never in any public-house with him away from my master's—I never drank with him in any public-house—I know the White Hind in Thomas-street, in the Borough—I have been in there drinking—that is not the general way in which I pass my time, in drinking in public-houses—the way I came to be in the White Hind, was, I saw Mr. Long, and he said, "Go in and wait for me"—that was while he was out on bail—I went in and saw Horn there, and drank with him.

Q. What did you mean by telling me you had not drank with him? A. I

did not remember it—I remained with him there about half an hour—I had porter to drink, nothing else—I do not know what time it was—it was in the evening after we left work—we were in the parlour—we did not have anything to eat—we were sitting at a table talking—he did not tell me that he had been to Gibraltar—I mean to represent that when you asked me whether I had ever been with Horn in a public-house, that I had forgotten that I was half an hour with him at the White Hind—I do not remember being with him any other time—I will swear I had not drank with him in any public-house before that to my recollection—before I went to Mr. Pickering's I was in the employ of Mr. Hunt, a hop-factor—nothing happened to me at Mr. Hunt's—there was nothing wrong—it was said that I wrote a check—that I had forged it—I left Mr. Hunt's—I do not recollect exactly the amount of the check—I think it was for 10l.—it was on my master's bankers—it was said to be in my hand-writing—Mr. Hunt, my master, said that.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Your duty was to enter the weights in a book at Mr. Pickering's? A. Yes; this is the book in which I entered the weights—here is "Brig Effort" on it, in my writing—I recollect the Effort being there, and being unloaded and loaded again, but I cannot recollect the date—I cannot say whether it was on the same Saturday we have been speaking of, or whether it was not—when the weights are called out nothing is said about the name of the barge; they call the weight of the bags, and I write it down—Mr. Pickering would have to cross the wharf to go to his private residence—he could do that without seeing the barge or barges which were unloading—I went to the prison on one occasion with Mr. Dellmott—that was not in consequence of a communication I had with Mr. Hobler—my father had received a card from Mr. Hobler—that did not lead to my going to the prisoner.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did your father know you were going to the prison? A. No; I did not tell him I was going to the prison to see Pickering—I went with Mrs. Pickering—when I went to the public-house, Long was standing a little way down the street—he told me to go in and wait—he came in about five minutes afterwards—I had not done anything to the check—I was charged with forging—I was not given into custody—I went to Mr. Hunt, in the market, and explained it—the check was not my hand-writing—I never drew any check at all in my master's name, on his banker's—my master seemed to be satisfied, he nodded his head and said no more about it—I had left Mr. Hunt; this was while I was with Mr. Pickering—Mr. Pickering offered me his place, which was higher wages—Mr. Hunt's clerk told me I was charged with forging a check, and directly I heard that I went to see Mr. Hunt, and he never charged me with it, and seemed satisfied—I do not find in this book my entry of the things from the Old Soul—it was in this side of the hook—I left this book in Pickering's possession—here is the entry of the Effort—it is all in my writing—these are not the entries I made with reference to the Old Soul—the weights and numbers of the Old Soul were different—these are dated May 18th—the page before it is May 16th—there is no page with May 17th on it—these are not the weights and numbers that I spoke of in my examination as entered from the Old Soul—I know I did not enter these from the Old Soul—it would be my duty to put the name of the vessel in the book—here is "Barge Effort"—this book is in the same state that it was when I made entries in it—supposing this to be the book in which I entered the goods from the Old Soul, I entered them at this end of the book, I was told so to do by Mr. Pickering—I know it was entered in a reverse way to the other entries—I believe it was in this part of the book where there seems to be some pages torn out.


COURT. Q. Can Pickering either read or write? A. He can figure a little, and write his own name—Long came into the White Hind five minutes after me—he remained there and drank with me and Horn—what we had was put down to Mr. Long.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the entry of the guano that has been pointed out to you under the date 18th May what you made invoice of, and was it sent by Mr. Pickering to the railway on Mr. Messer's account? A. Yes; this figure (looking at it) is 8, it has been written over a 9—it was not done at the time the entry was made—I was told to write it by Mr. Pickering—I believe it is in the same ink as the 9, but it has been marked over twice—I believe this was done when Mr. Pickering was out on bail—(Delivery-order read—"London, 14th May. Please to weigh and deliver to Capt. Drury, or order, the under-mentioned goods, in the ship Invermore, 14 tons of guano. Anthony Gibbs and Son.")





WILLIAM HILLS

re-examined. Q. Do you see this man (Ellis); do you know him? A. No; I never saw him—I am sure I was not in his company on the 18th.

MR. BODKIN
called






HENRY WOODFALL
. I am a paper-manufacturer, and live at Foot's Cray, I have known Mr. Pickering four or five years—I always found him a very honest and straightforward man—I have done a good deal of business with him.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What do you know of him? A. I have bought rags of him—I do not know where he was last Whitsuntide—I never heard of his being given into custody for receiving stolen goods—I would do business with him again to-morrow.





GEORGE RUTLAND
. I live in Jane-street, Commercial-road. I called at Mr. Pickering's Wharf on Sunday, 18th May—I got there from 9 to a quarter-past 9 o'clock, to the best of my recollection—I found some men at work at a material that I should imagine was guano—they were shipping it into the barge, the Effort, to the best of my recollection—I was eight or ten minutes looking at the men—I then went into Pickering's house—he was up; I staid and breakfasted with him, and he went out with me in his chaise-cart to Barking—I was with him the best part of the day—we came back between 7 and 8 in the evening—I parted with him in the Commercial-road.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I suppose you could not full to see the guano? A. No; no one could fail to see it if they went on the wharf—Mr. Pickering did not come out and see it—we came out of the passage-door—it was a custom I had of going out on a Sunday—it was agreed that we should go for a ride together—I noticed the barge Effort, it being rather a peculiar name—I do not know that I ever saw one with that name before—she was moored with the head towards the wharf, to the best of my recollection—there were other barges there—to the best of my recollection I never saw the Old Soul—I do not know whether the Ann was there—there was another barge with bags, and one with hay—the barge they were shipping the guano in was nearest to the wharf—I was on the wharf a few minutes—I heard of this when Mr. Pickering was apprehended—I saw him when he was on bail—he did not tell me the barge was the Effort—I did not ask him, I asked him nothing about it—I did not consider I had any business to do it—I might have been two or three times with him after this—I never had any direction from him—I have spoken to him about the matter, certainly—I have talked to him about it—he did not tell me he shipped it on board the Effort—he told me nothing at all about it—he told me nothing at all about shipping the guano—I cannot tell what he said—the name of the barge was never mentioned.


Q. you mean that you, seeing the name of the barge, and knowing he was charged with having shipped it to the Old Soul, the name was never mentioned? A. To the best of my knowledge it was not—I shall object to swear it was not, if I am in a right position by so doing—I will swear that he did not tell me it was the Effort—he did not tell me it was not the Old Soul—he did not tell me he had never seen the guano, to my knowledge; it never crossed us till he was apprehended—I do not know that I have asked him about it—he told me nothing about it—there was nothing further than common conversation—I do not know that ever he broached the subject, the technical parts of the subject—my curiosity was a little excited, but I never troubled my head about it—I remember, all the time back to May last, that this barge was the Effort—I told Pickering nothing about it—I was sent for by its coming across his wife's memory, I suppose—she saw me there—she did not tell me it was the Effort, nor did I tell her—I and Pickering never mentioned it—it is my solemn assertion that I never mentioned the name of the barge to him, or he to me, or his wife—my being there, on Sunday morning fixes the name on my mind; and it was rather an unusual thing to see men at work—I never said to Pickering, "What an odd-named barge that was"—I mentioned she name to Mr. Sherwood—he asked me what I knew of this affair; and to the best of my recollection I gave him the same statement that I have to you—I knew the Effort had something to do with it by seeing it in the newspapers—I believe I saw the name Effort; I know I did—I saw the newspaper on Friday, and I saw Pickering on Saturday evening—I did not ask him anything about the matter.





EDWARD HOLMES
. I live at Mile-end, and am a dealer in hay. I went to Pickering's Wharf on Sunday morning, 18th May, to look out six or seven loads of hay—I saw it in a barge—I went down to the barge to look at it—there were two barges there, which I went over, to get to the barge where the hay was—they were loaded with bags, which I supposed to be guano from the smell—the name of one of the barges was the Effort; the other I cannot say.





JOSEPH DELLMOTT
. I am Mr. Pickering's carman. On 17th May, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the barge Effort come into his wharf—she had guano on board—I cannot tell how many bags; I never kept count of them—I had been informed by Gibbs that there was an order for guano to he made up—on Monday, 19th, it was to go to the station—I was told I should have to work on Sunday; I grumbled at that—I got a gang of men on that Sunday—I was told to get them by Gibbs, and I ordered ten men—I applied to Horn to bring ten men over—the Effort was partly unloaded on Saturday evening—the gang came at 7 on Sunday morning—I did not see the master in the counting-house on Saturday or on Sunday—we finished unloading the Effort on the Sunday morning—we took the guano up in the loft to empty it out and put in other bags—we loaded the Effort again in the afternoon—the men left work at 6—the Effort left between 3 and 4 in the afternoon.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLAWTINE. Q. Was there any other vessel there on Saturday evening, or on Sunday morning, laden with guano? A. No; I will swear that.

COURT. Q. Was there any other vessel laden with bags? A. Yes; they did not smell like guano—the name of the other vessel with bags was the Ann—I am sure of that.

Q. Now I recommend you to think of what you are saying, and to be cautious: was there another barge loaded with hay? A. Yes; and that barge was not the Ann—I am certain of it.


MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are you certain the Ann was loaded with bags? A. Yes, with bags of foswill; and it had no hay in it—I cannot tell what they do with foswill; it is put with the guano, I believe—I do not know whether Mr. Pickering does that—I believe it is his business.





WILLIAM CHAPMAN
. I live in Thomas-street, Whitechapel, and am a general dealer. I went to Mr. Pickering's Wharf on 18th May, to buy some clover—there was a barge there; the name of it I think was the Ann—she had some trefoil—that is similar to hay—there was a barge or two there, but I did not notice them—I have seen the Old Soul—I did not notice her that day.





ARCHIBALD HORN
. I was engaged by Henry Horn, to work at Pickering's Wharf, on 18th May—I worked from half-past 7 o'clock in the moming till 7 at night, unloading guano from the barge called the Effort—I do not know whether the Old Soul barge was there.





JOSIAH HARRIS
. I have known Mr. Pickering about twelve months; he has borne an honest character, as far as I know—there was something about some grease some time ago, and after that he brought an action against the party.

MR. CLARKSON
declining to call other witnesses, Pickering called the following:






JOSIAH HARRIS
. I paid Pickering some money on 17th—I was on his wharf—I did not see the Old Soul barge there: I saw four or five; I got over two to look at some trefoil—I do not know the name of the barge the trefoil was in.





JOHN PARSONS
. I was on the wharf—I could not say the day—it was when two barges of guano were there—they were partly loaded; I helped to unload the last in the evening, and again on the Sunday morning—I never noticed the name of the barges—Thomas offered me 5l.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were you not examined before the Magistrate, and told the Magistrate that you noticed the Old Soul there? A. No; I did not notice the name—I did not say so—I could not do it, for I did not notice the name. LONG—


GUILTY
of stealing.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.
 Aged 35.—



Confined Twelve Months.

PICKERING—



GUILTY
of receiving.
 Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years. Dellmott and Parsons were committed for perjury.

