



495. 




WILLIAM RICHARD GRINDELL
 was again indicted

for breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Samuel Guy Rutter, and stealing 4,032 yards of ribbon, value 180l.; his property.—2nd COUNT, receiving the same.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL GUY RUTTER
. I live in Landsdown-crescent, Kensington-park; I carry on business as a French ribbon importer, at No. 1, Friday-street, Cheapside; it is in the parish of St. Matthew. On Sunday morning, 27th Feb., my attention was called to my house of business—I went in the City about 9 o'clock—I found the outer door of the premises had been broken open, and the door of my warehouse; the outer door leads to two warehouses—I found the police in possession of the place—I missed about 180l. worth of French ribbons—I have not the slightest doubt that these ribbons produced are mine; I should think these produced are worth about 35l.—they are new; they only came in on the Saturday—I had left the place at 3 o'clock in the afternoon—I left my young man on the premises—he is here.

COURT. Q. How do you know these ribbons? A. We order these patterns, which are only made by one house—the French never make the same pattern for two houses in England—I have tome of the same pattern here; these are made from this pattern for my house—they are the same goods that were on my premises.





THOMAS MOT HAMMERTON
. I was in Mr. Rutter's employ; I left the premises safely locked up about 5 o'clock on 26th Feb.





GEORGE BARKER
 (City policeman, 485). I was on duty in Friday-street on the night of 26th Feb.—about 11 o'clock I saw a person back a light spring cart from Cheapside to the door of Mr. Rutter's warehouse, which is the first house from Cheapside—I am not positive as to the men that were on the pavement or in the doorway, but I saw one man in the cart, and I am certain there were two men in the doorway—the man in the cart was dressed in a dark top coat, either dark brown or dark blue, and a wide-awake—two or three bundles were instantly thrown into the cart by the men who were not in the cart—I was some distance down Friday-street; I was going down, and I turned round, hearing the noise of something come into the street—as soon as these bundles were thrown into the cart it darted into Cheapside, and I was not able to catch it by any means—I went to the house, and found the door had been opened, but it was then shut; that had not been forced open, but the inner door had—we got a ladder, and got in at the first floor—the persons who threw the bundles in the cart had pulled the outer door close after them; it went on a spring lock—the inner warehouse door had been broken open—there is a light spring cart here, which is similar to the cart I saw, and here is a wide awake and a top coat—this coat resembles the coat which the man in the cart had—the wide awake hat was like this, but they are so much alike I cannot say.






WILLIAM POCOCK
 (police sergeant, F 14). When I went to the prisoner's house, and found the cloth which was produced in the last case, I found these ribbons in the same room; the larger part of them was under the bed and these others were in a drawer—the prisoner said at the station that he bought them of a woman with a basket, near Stratford, that he gave 4l. 10s. for them, and he thought they were a good bargain—I found this coat which has been produced, these two wide-awakes, and ten more coats of different sizes and colours—there was a spring cart in his yard, one that would go fast, and a spirited horse in the stable—I have shown that cart to the last witness.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you ever driven that horse and cart? A. Yes, this morning, but I did not go fast—I think that horse would trot ten or twelve miles an hour.




GUILTY
of Receiving.
 Aged 31.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

