




559. 




HENRY THOMPSON
 and 




JOHN BEALE



, stealing 1 watch, guard and chain, value 4l.: the property of 



Rudolph Louis Leopold Weiss, from his person.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WILLIAM CROUCH
 (policeman, R 118). On Sunday, 11th April, I was on duty in Greenwich, about 7 o'clock in the evening, near the pier. I saw the prisoners with three others at the pay office, where people take steam boat tickets—they surrounded a gentleman at the pay box, and after hustling him about a little, left him—they all five went into the main road and talked together about five minutes; they then returned on to the floating pier—Beale and two others went towards the head, and Thompson and another towards the stern, bustling to and fro—one of them, not in custody, who was towards the stern, beckoned with his hand to the other three—I then saw the prosecutor, and they all five surrounded him, as he was endeavouring to go on board a steam boat—Thompson had a coat on his right arm—I saw his left arm drop, caught hold of it, and said to the prosecutor, "Have you lost your watch?"—I kept hold of Thompson's hand, he caught hold of me by the neck-handkerchief, but it gave way, and I threw him on the pier, on his back—I held his hand so tight that the glass of the watch, which was in his hand,

broke, and cut his hand—it was taken from him—Beale was covering Thompson, and would have received the watch, if I had not been close behind him—I saw nothing attached to the watch, but taw part of a guard on the prosecutor's neck, and the rest of it in Thompson's right hand—I handed Thompson over to sergeant Carpenter, who handed him over to Taylor—I went on board the boat, and pointed out Beale, who had got on board—I could not clearly identify the others.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Did you search Thompson? A. Yes, at the station; I found a ticket on him for the London boat—I was watching them ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour—there were thirty or forty persons on the floating pier, but at the time they surrounded the prosecutor they had mostly gone on board; there were not above five or six left—they hustled two or three females besides, and persons who were getting tickets—Carpenter was not there then; I had not seen him since I went on duty at 2 o'clock; we met by accident—I did not see the watch in Thompson's hand before he was on the ground, but I felt it, as I caught hold of his hand—the prosecutor's face was towards the boat—Thompson was pressed against the prosecutor, but it was by his own companions.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did the boat go off directly? A. No; it stopped eight or ten minutes for me to go on board, and see if I could identify the other four.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (police-sergeant, R 38). On Sunday, 11th April, between 6 and 7 o'clock, I was in Greenwich-park, and saw the prisoner and three or four others with them—I watched them, and missed them all in a moment—I went down the street to the pier—I saw Crouch on the floating pier with Thompson—he said, "This man has stolen a watch of this gentleman"—I spoke to the prosecutor, and got this watch (produced) from him—I examined Thompson's hand, it was bleeding—he said it had been kicked by Crouch—said, "That is impossible, as it is a very sharp cut"—it was such a cut as might be produced by broken glass, not by a kick—the glass of the watch was broken.

Cross-examined by
MR. EDGAR. Q. I believe it was Easter Sunday? A. Yes; being a fine day there were a great many people—I only saw Thompson when he was in Crouch's hands—I was on the wharf, looking down upon them.





RUDOLPH LOUIS LEOPOLD WEISS
. I was at Greenwich on Easter Sunday; I went to the pier to go on board, and missed my watch, which I had seen safe five minutes before—it was secured by this steel chain, which was as perfect then as ever it was—I afterwards saw part of it in Thompson's hands, and part was left round my neck—I saw the handle of my watch in Thompson's left hand—Crouch got him on the floor, and the glass was broken in the struggle—I saw my watch taken from his hand; it was worth 4l. with the chain—I am sure Thompson is the man—I did not see the other men.

Cross-examined by
MR. EDGAR. Q. When did you miss your watch? A. The very moment I was spoken to—there was a large crowd around me, or I would have apprehended Thompson myself—I did not feel the watch taken from me; the chain was rather long—I was the last of my company—Thompson was going to step on the vessel, but stepped back, and let me go before him, and at the same moment Crouch called out—my chain was not very strong, part of it was outside my waistcoat.

THOMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

BEALE—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.
(Beale was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOHN CARPENTER

re-examined. I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court, John Maskell convicted March, 1850, of stealing a watch from the person; confined twelve months)—I was present; Beale is the man—Thompson has also been summarily convicted for stealing a watch.



GUILTY. 



Transported for Seven Years each.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

