




1139. 




JOHN BRYAN
 and 



CHARLES M'CARTHY



, stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; the goods of 



Hans Anderson Sonnichson, in a vessel on the Thames: Bryan having been before convicted.






HANS ANDERSON SONNICHSON
 (through an interpreter.) I am mate of the Providentia, lying in the river. On 10th June I was on board taking cargo over, and saw Bryan come from a kind of roof we had on board, with my watch in his hand—I had seen it hanging up in my cabin five minutes before—there was another man with him who I cannot swear to, who went over the side into the Jacob Henry, which was lying alongside—I caught hold of Bryan, and he threw the watch overboard—it fell in the water.





GEORGE LOWRY SHAW
. I am a Customs' officer, and was on board the Jacob Henry, heard a noise, came on deck, and saw two men on board the Providentia, which was lying alongside, struggling to escape—Bryant was one of them—I should know the other if I saw him; he is not one of these two—he made his escape across the Jacob Henry into a boat, and I think M'Carthy is one of the two who were in that boat—they rowed away with him immediately.





WILLIAM HUDSON
 (policeman, K 282). I took Bryant in custody on board the Providentia—I found him tied up—I asked what he was doing there—he said two men brought him in a boat, and hearing a row, they went on board the vessel, and they laid hold of him.





SONEN JANSON
 (through an interpreter.) I belong to the Providentia. I saw a person go over the Jacob Henry into a boat, and saw M'Carthy in the boat—I swear to him—I had seen him once, two or three days before.





EDWARD EVEREST
 (Thames-police inspector.) M'Carthy came to the police-station on 11th June—I took him on board the Providentia, and asked the men whether they knew him—they said he was one of the men in the boat.

M'Carthy. They did not understand him. Witness. They did; they spoke in broken English—he said they swore falsely.





RALPH FIELD THOMAS
 (Thames-policeman, 18). On the afternoon before I was before the Magistrate, I saw the prisoners on Shadwell Dock-bridge—they went towards Limehouse, towards where the Providentia was—I have seen them several times in a boat together, but not on that day—there were two others with them—it was from about half-past four to five o'clock.

Bryan's Defence. Two men asked me to give them a cast down; we went alongside the ship; the tall one went on board; I heard a row, went alter him, and they collared me.

M'Carthy's Defence. I went home at four o'clock, and was at home till seven next morning; two friends told me I was wanted at the police-court; I went, waited till the inspector came, and went on board the ship with him.





EDWARD EVEREST

re-examined. I produce a certificate—(read—Patrick Bryant, convicted Jan, 1848, of stealing in a vessel; confined one month)—I was present—Bryan is the man.

BRYAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


M'CARTHY—


NOT GUILTY
.
