





1034. 



LEWIN YATES COLEMAN,



 JOSEPH GURNEY
, and 



HENRY BIRCH
 were indicted for

 feloniously forging and uttering a bill of exchange for the payment of 187l. 18s. 9d.—Other COUNTS, calling it a warrant; and other COUNTS, charging them with forging the acceptance to the said bill.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.

(MR. CLARKSON, previous to opening the case, stated his impression that the evidence was so slight with respect to the prisoner Birch, that he should not press the case against him. At the close of his address he proposed to take an acquittal at once as to Birch, and call Him as a witness.
MR. PARRY
objected to this course of proceeding, he having requested all the witnesses to be out of Court, and Birch having been present during the opening. He was not aware of any rule that would prevent his being examined, but under these circumstances he hoped the Court would give a direction to that effect.
MR. JUSTICE CRESSWELL
could not take upon himself to do that, nor, in his opinion, was there much ground for the objection, as
MR. CLARKSON
had, in fact, opened an acquittal of Birch.)


BIRCH—


NOT GUILTY
.





HENRY BIRCH
. I have surrendered here to day—I live in Belgium—when in London I live in Ranelagh-street, Pimlico—I know both the prisoners—I have known Gurney about six years probably—I have not always known him by that name—I have known him by the name of Norton—I have known Coleman since the latter end of May last—on 24th July last Gurney had a counting house at St. Mary-at-hill—I was at his counting house that morning—I repeatedly called in, for he had written to me on a certain matter of business—while I was in conversation with him Coleman came in—Coleman asked me whether I could get a bill discounted—he said it was a bill from Nicaragua—he told me that Mr. Bottin had gone out to Nicaragua, and had left his signature on blank to be filled up—I told him that I had met a Mr. Tucker the day before, who had asked me whether I had any bills to discount coming through my hands, and I told Coleman I would name the bill to Mr. Tucker, which I did the same day—I afterwards called on Coleman on 26th July, at his own office—that was in Mark-lane—I am not able to say the number—I found him at home—he asked me whether I was going into Eastcheap—I said I was—he said, "Here is the bill; if you call in passing Gurney's, he will endorse the bill"—he produced this bill to me (looking at the bill, which was marked A)—it was in the same state it is now when he showed it to me then, except having the signature of Gurney and Co.—he had shown it to me before, on the 24th—it was then in blank—I cannot say it was this identical bill—it was similar to this, but without any writing whatever upon it—I had been a round on the morning of the 26th, and it was in my way to call on Mr. Coleman—I then called on Gurney—I saw him, and he endorsed the bill in his office, in my presence-after he had endorsed it I took it to Mr. Tucker's—Coleman had not told me previously to that how much money I was to raise on the bill—Mr. Tucker's ffices were closed when I went there—I did not see him afterwards respecting the bill—I never showed him this bill at all—I afterwards went to a Mr. Sturm's offices, on that same day, the 26th—that is No. 6, Bennett's-place—I showed him the bill—he did not discount it—I then took it to Mr. Isaacs' in Jeffrey-square, St. Mary-Axe—Mr. Isaacs' name had never been mentioned to Coleman by me at all before that—J knew of a connection subsisting between Mr. Isaacs and Coleman—I left the bill with Mr. Isaacs that same day, the 26th—on the following day I called on Gurney, and told him where I had left the bill—I requested him to give me a letter to state that a certain amount would be taken for the bill—he gave me this letter (marked B)—I took it to Mr. Isaacs—(read—"26th July, 1852. Dear Sir, We hereby authorize you to take 100l. for the bill we placed with you to negotiate for 187l. 18s. 9d., drawn to our order by Francis Bottin and Co., Nicaragua, upon and accepted by Coleman and Bottin, Mark-lane, London. Gurney and Co.")—I believe Mr. Coleman got to know where I had left the bill on 26th July—he asked me, "Have you given the bill to Mr. Isaacs?"—I did not answer him directly, but I said, "When you pass a bill from your hands, you do not know whose hands it gets into"—he said he knew it was in Mr. Isaacs' hands—I said that Mr. Isaacs had promised to give money for the bill—he said, "I want the bill, I will not take money from Mr. Isaacs, he is my greatest enemy"—I said Mr. Isaacs had promised to give money for the bill and it was in his hands, and I believed that he would do so—that was all that passed—I saw Mr. Isaacs again the following day—I never got the bill back from him.


Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Who introduced you to Coleman, or Coleman to you? A. Mr. Sturm—I believe he is a friend of Mr. Isaacs—he goes there, whether he is a friend or not—I know him very well—I have known Mr. Isaacs about seven years—I do not recollect whether I ever took a bill to him before, I know that bills have been—I never before had a forged bill in my possession that I took to Mr. Isaacs—I never, that I know of, had in my possession a forged bill upon Messrs. Armitage, of Huddersfield, nor had Mr. Isaacs, to my knowledge—I have had bills passing in my business from parties in Huddersfield—I never had a forged bill in my possession upon Messrs. Armitage, of Huddersfield—that I swear—nor had Mr. Isaacs, to my knowledge—no such bill was ever in my possession, or attempted to be negotiated by me, or Mr. Isaacs, to ray knowledge—I may have taken a bill to Mr. Isaacs at one time, but I cannot call it to my memory, upon Mr. Spalding here—I think he had a bill once—I have got bills discounted—I know a man of the name of Clarkson—I was never in partnership with him—I am not aware that he is a bill discounter—I have had some connection with him, unfortunately for me—I have heard that he is a notorious bill stealer—I did not go and apply to Coleman for a bill, he applied to roe—I was not instigated by Mr. Sturm or Mr. Isaacs to endeavour to get a bill from Coleman—the names of Coleman and Bottin were over the door in Mark-lane—it is about six years since I resided in England.

COURT. Q. Do you mean you have been in England six years? A. To and fro; I have business that calls me here—I have not resided here for six years: I have resided abroad.

MR. PARRY. Q. You come backwards and forwards? A. Yes; I have never had any trading transactions with Mr. Isaacs, never—I once carried on business in London under the name of Birch, Son, and Co.—I think that is about six years ago—that business was a failure—I left England, not in consequence of my heavy debts—I was in England after that—I was out of England about six weeks then—I was never in partnership with a man named Rondall—I went on the Continent with him—that was not at the time that he ran away from his bankruptcy; that was only within this twelve months, and this occurred in 1845—I was never a bankrupt—I went abroad with him at the latter end of 1845, or the commencement of 1846—I am not ware that he had been a bankrupt at that time—his bankruptcy was within this six months—I do not know a person of the name of Williams—I was never entrusted by a Mr. Williams to sell large quantity of flannel for him—I bought some flannel for Mr. Williams.

Q. I thought you told me just now, that you did not know a Mr. Williams? A. I understood you to mean a party in London; he is a Welshman—I beg your pardon, I forgot the transaction—I was not entrusted hy him to sell it; I bought it for him—it amounted to about 500l.—he received two-thirds of the money; I swear that he received it from me—he never charged me with absconding with the flannel that he had entrusted to me to sell, to the amount of 300l. or 500l., or with the proceeds—no such charge was ever made against me; nothing of the kind—I was once given in charge for another offence besides this; and Mr. Clarkson, I believe, had the management of it—that is about six years ago—I was not then indicted with Mr. Sturm, Mr. Isaacs' friend, for conspiring to defraud persons of goods to the amount of 500l.—that was not the charge—must I answer what the charge was?—it was made by a Mr. Degatur, for placing goods out of his possession; not for taking goods out of his possession—for placing goods that never came into his hands, for money that I wanted from him—he made a

charge against me—he stated that he was my employer, and that I had defrauded him to the amount of 400l. or 500l.—it was not me and Mr. Sturm together; no charge was made against Mr. Sturm, that I am aware of, in reference to that transaction; in fact, there was not—I had not clothes or goods of Mr. Degatur to the amount of 500l.—Mr. Degatur ordered goods from the country through me—those goods came into my possession—they were to the amount of about 400l.—Mr. Degatur never paid for them—I did not pay for them—I was not committed for trial upon that case; Mr. Degatur never came forward.

Cross-examined by
MR. DEARSLEY. Q. How many years do you say you have known Gurney? A. I think four or five years, or it may be more than that—I knew him by the name of Norton—I have known him by the name of Gurney probably six months—I do not know that he was formerly a cheesemonger—I have heard him say so—I do not know that he failed—I was told by Mr. Isaacs to get this letter; he did not dictate the letter to me before I went to Gurney—he stated that I must get a letter to state that such an amount would be taken—I stated that to Gurney, and then Gurney gave me the letter.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. You have said that you saw over the office door, the names of Coleman and Bottin; did you ever see any person of the name of Bottin in your life? A. Never; I am an export merchant, at Antwerp, in the provision line—I export eggs and butter to this country—I have been doing so for the last six years—this letter (marked "C") on the fly-sheet, in written by me, and that on the other part by Gurney—I gave that for Gurney to take to Mr. Isaacs, but from a word that transpired from Gurney I went along with him, for I was very much engaged that day, and he wrote this in Mr. Isaacs' office.





ELIAS. ISAACS
 I have offices in Jeffrey-square, St. Mary Axe. I am a solicitor, and have been so for upwards of half a century. On 26th July last, Birch came to my office with this bill of exchange; it was then in the state it is now, with the exception of an initial of the Lord Mayor's clerk, who marked it at the Mansion-house—it was presented to me by Birch for discount—I gave him some directions as to writing, in consequence of which this letter ("D") was written—I received the bill from Birch, in consequence of my statement to him, enclosed in this letter—I observe on the bill the endorsement of "Gurney and Co."—from what passed between me and Birch on the subject of the discount of the bill, I entertained suspicions about it—in consequence of that I gave Birch some directions with reference to Gurney and Co. the endorsers of the bill—after giving him those directions, I received from him the letter signed, "Gurney and Co."; that has been put in—he brought me that letter on the same day that he called with the bill—he also brought me this letter (marked "E")—in consequence of those letters I received, signed "Gurney and Co.," I detained the bill for a while, and made excuses from time to time for not discounting it—I afterwards received from Birch this letter, dated the 28th (marked "F"), and also this of the 29th ("G"); this was left at my office in my absence, but I received it.

MR. CLARKSON
to
HENRY BIRCH. Look at those three letter ("E" "F" And "G"), did you receive those three letters from Gurney? A. I did not receive that letter ("G"), it is Gurney's handwriting.

MR. CLARKSON
to
MR. ISSACS. Q. You say you received a second letter from Birch, purporting to come from Gurney on that same day, the 26th? A. Yes.


Q. Had you expressed dissatisfaction as to the first letter? A. I did say to him, that I ought to receive some instructions (Letter marked "E," read:—"To Mr. H. Birch of Antwerp; July 26, 1852. Dear Sir,—The enclosed bill of 187l. 18s. 9d., is upon Messrs. Coleman and Bottin, drawn by Francis Bottin and Co., at ninety days' sight, which we authorize you to negotiate, and hand over the proceeds to as, according to the arrangement between us.—Gurney and Co.")—this is the same bill that was enclosed in that letter (Letter marked "F" read:—"28th July, 1852. Dear Sir,—If any use is made of the bill, I think an undertaking should be given, to bear me harmless when it becomes due; and as Coleman and Bottin hold a bill drawn by me, and accepted by themselves for 169l., I ought to endeavour to get that out of their hands before they know anything respecting the bill with Mr. Isaacs. I shall be at the Blue Anchor, 164, Fenchurch-street, this afternoon, to meet you, as proposed, at half past 3.—J. Gurney.")—I never saw anything of the bill for 169l.—(Letter marked "G" read:—"To E. Isaacs, Esq; 29th July, 1852. Sir,—We hereby give you notice that a bill dated Nicaragua, for 187l., drawn by Francis Bottin and Co., in our favour, and accepted by Messrs. Coleman and Bottin, of 59, Mark-lane, has been fraudulently obtained from us without any consideration, and you are hereby cautioned from making use of such bill in any shape whatever.—Joseph Gurney and Co.")—the day after the receipt of that letter, Birch called upon me.

MR. CLARKSON
proposed to give, in evidence, what passed between the witness and Birch, Birch having been shown to be the agent of Coleman
MR. JUSTICE CRESWELL
was of opinion that Birch must first be shown to be the agent in this particular transaction.)

MR. CLARKSON
to
HENRY BIRCH. Q. Did you go to Mr. Isaacs on 80th July, or some day near then, to request back that bill? A. Yea; I was requested to go—Mr. Sturm had left a message at Eastcheap—I had not seen Coleman on the subject, or Gurney—I did not produce to Mr. Isaacs the letter signed "Gurney"—Gurney was with me the second time I went for the bill; that was on 30th July—we saw Mr. Isaacs then.

MR. CLARKSON
to
MR. ISAACS. Q. Had you more than one interview with Birch on 30th July? A. Yes; the first interview was with Birch alone—I had a second interview on that same day with Birch and Gurney together.

Q. Was it on that occasion that that letter, signed on one side by Gurney and on the other by Birch, was presented to you? A. It was signed by Gurney in my presence; this is the letter (marked "C")—they requested me to hand over the bill, and I said that Mr. Gurney should write a receipt for the same—he did so in my presence (letter "C" read:—"To E. Isaacs, Esq., 30th July, 1852. Sir,—You will please hand over to Mr. Joseph Gurney, of 'Joseph Gurney and Co., their bill of 187l. 18s. 9d., purporting to be drawn by Francis Bottin and Co., of Nicaragua, on, and accepted by, Coleman and Bottin, Mark-lane, London, which I handed over to you for the purpose of discount; and this is my authority for your so doing. Henry Birch." On the other side of this letter was written as follows:—"30th July, 1852. Received, of Mr. Isaacs, the bill in question, for 187l. 18s. 9d., left by Mr. Henry Birch for the purpose of discount. Joseph Gurney.")

Q. At the time you took that memorandum of Birch, and the receipt of Gurney, did you at all intend to deliver up the bill? A. Certainly not; they requested me to do so, and I said, "I shall not give up the bill, and I shall give both of you into custody"—an officer was in my office, and I gave

them both into custody—I afterwards learnt where Coleman was, and sent an officer after him—I had previously sent for Coleman to come to my office to receive his bill, but from the place where Birch stated he was waiting he was gone—I intended to give him in charge—I then sent the officer after him and he took him—I know Coleman's handwriting—he is a connection of mine by marriage—his brother married my daughter, unfortunately—I believe this acceptance to the bill of Coleman and Bottin, Mark-lane, to be Coleman's hand writing—the body of the bill I also believe to be in his writing—I cannot speak as to my belief of the signature of the supposed drawers, Francis Bottin and Co.; that is a disguised hand—I cannot form any opinion or belief upon that—I cannot say whether the endorsement is Coleman's writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You have seen Coleman write, I suppose? A. I have; I think I first saw Birch about twelve years ago—he has never brought bills to me before, nor anything of the kind—I have had business transactions with him professionally—I never had any trading transactions with him—I am not in trade—he has never brought any bills to me before—he never sold me any bills, nothing of the kind—I simply knew him professionally, about twelve years ago—for the last five or six years I had not seen him or heard of him, until the day he brought this bill—I never intended to discount this bill; upon his asking 100l. for it, I felt satisfied there was something wrong, and I took these steps for the purpose of detecting the wrongdoer—Coleman and I have not had any quarrel whatever.

Q. Did you say to Birch at the time you gave him into custody, or about that time, that you did not care about him and Gurney, all you wanted was to transport Coleman? A. I have no recollection of ever saying anything of the kind; to the best of my memory I never said so—I cannot say whether I could have said such a thing and forgotten it—I never remember any such conversation—my belief is, I did not say so—I am upon my oath—my impression strongly is, that I never made use of language to that effect.

Q. Have you not said repeatedly, since the charge was made, that Coleman would be transported, and that at last you should convict him? A. I have no feeling about it, except to do my duty—I never said that I would manage to convict him—I have no feeling whatever on the subject, beyond doing my fair duty and giving my evidence as the facts occurred—I could not have said that Coleman would be transported, and I should be glad of it—I never have said so.

Q. Has it ever happened to you to have any other forged bills in your possession, or bills alleged to be forged? A. Never, to my recollection; I swear I never had a forged bill in my possession before—when I say that, I mean, of course, as far as my knowledge went—if a bill was passed and paid, I knew nothing of it—I do not know the names of Messrs. Armitage, of Huddersfield—I never heard of their names before in any way—I have no ill feeling whatever towards Coleman.

Q. Have you not complained that he gave information about your possession of some brandy warrants? A. I certainly complained of the villanous misrepresentations; I have had some brandy warrants in my possession to the value, as far as my memory carries me, of about 150l., not 800l.—I sold some brandy warrants to Messrs. Hart and Co.—that must have been eight or nine months ago—I never heard that Mr. Sturm and myself were to be indicted for conspiracy for obtaining those brandy warrants—I heard the impudent insinuation indirectly—I did not offer to give a bill for 100l. to settle the matter. (MR. PARRY
proposed to put the witness's deposition into his hand, and then to ask him whether he would venture to swear that he had never made the offer referred to.
MR. JUSTICE CRESSWELL
had known that course sometimes permitted; but, he believed, Lord Campbell had recently refused to allow it.
MR. O'BREIN, as amicus curiae, stated, that the question had been reserved by Lord Campbell; and it was finally decided that it could not be done without giving the right of reply.) I say that I never did offer to give a bill for 100l. to settle it, nor any sum of money—I know Mr. Brough.


Q. Is he attorney for Messrs. Hooper, the wine merchants? A. He said he was not the attorney, but the personal friend—I was invited there by Mr. Hunter about the brandy warrants, and I went there in consequence of the invite—I went there twice—I swear most positively that during those interviews with Mr. Brough I never offered money or bills to settle the matter.

Q. At the time you went to Mr. Brough's office, had you heard "the impudent insinuation" that Messrs. Hooper and Son were going to indict you and Mr. Sturm for conspiring to get these brandy warrants? A. Certainly not; I swear that—the prisoner Coleman did not state, in Mr. Brough's office, that I and Sturm had conspired by fraud to get those warrants; I will swear that—Coleman made no charge at all against me; certainly not of fraud.

Q. In your interview with Mr. Brough, will you swear that you never heard at all of any indictment or proceedings against you for fraud of some kind or other, about these brandy warrants? A. Mr. Brough told me they insinuated it, and he repudiated it most strongly, knowing I could not be guilty of such a thing—that was his statement to me after they were gone—Mr. Brough has known me for forty years, and he made that declaration to me—I have been to Mr. Brough's twenty times—I will explain how I came to go there about these brandy warrants; Mr. Brough requested me to endeavour to get Sturm to remove an attachment that he had lodged against the goods of Hooper and Co.—it had nothing to do with the brandy warrants—I certainly never had any conversation with Mr. Brough about the warrants, or about settling it, or anything of the kind—he applied to me to speak to Sturm to remove the attachment that was lodged against Hooper and Co.'s goods, and stating to me how much he had lost by Coleman, or something to that effect, and I did, in consequence of Mr. Brough's solicitations, do all I could to render service to his friends—I had never sold brandy warrants before, and I should not have had anything to do with those; it was my son-in-law that induced me, unfortunately—no bills alleged to have been stolen have ever been traced into my possession; it is all invention.

Q. Then there is no truth whatever, I suppose, in the suggestion that Louis Napoleon's bills were found in your possession? A. How do you mean, found in my possession? my own property, that I gave the money for, and he paid it when due? it is not a fact that two bills alleged to have been stolen from Louis Napoleon were traced to my possession; I swear that most positively; it is all invention—some parties were tried here in reference to those two bills—I was here, and instructed by Louis Napoleon to assist his prosecution—I swear that I was instructed by Louis Napoleon—I was not acting as his attorney; Messrs. Lawford were his attorneys, and Messrs. Bush and Mullens prosecuted for him; but I aided Louis Napoleon, at his request, and was paid for it by his attorney—those two bills had not been negotiated by me—the bill I had of Louis Napoleon's was paid when due—I was a holder of one bill of his for 500l., which was regularly paid when due.

Q. You unfortunately had a charge made against you some years ago, I believe, but the parties never appeared against you? A. That is not true; I am not bound to answer whether I was ever charged with any offence, but

I will do so; between forty and fifty years ago I was indicted for perjury; the attempt was to extort money from me; I was tried for it, and, of course acquitted; and I prosecuted the parties, and punished them—no other charge has ever been made against me, without it was behind my back; I do not know what you are talking about.

Q. Has any other charge been made against you; you seem to answer "No" rather faintly; has any other charge been actually made against you, of fraud, or anything of the kind? A. No; I have no doubt about it; I mean distinctly to tell you that by "No" I mean no—my Lord, am I to be thus treated; it is really very painful—(MR. JUSTICE CAREWELL
thought it would be introducing an inconvenient extension of cross-examination if a general question of this sort were put, without pointing it to something.)

Q. Besides being an attorney, I believe you are a bill-discounter as well; we understand that? A. No, indeed; you understand very wrong, if you have been told that—I have done such a thing occasionally.

Cross-examined by
MR. DEARSLEY. Q. Did you ever see Gurney more than once? A. Never, except before the Magistrate.





ALFRED JAMES SHOTTER
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Niessen and Parker, engravers, at 43, Mark-lane. I know the plate from which this bill of exchange was taken—I received orders for engraving that plate—to the best of my belief, the prisoner Gurney was one of the two who ordered the plate—it was on Thursday, 24th June, I think—they gave the firm of Coleman and Bottin as the parties from whom the order came—I had not to be printed from the plate—I cannot say whether they were delivered at the counter, or at the offices in Mark-lane, but they were delivered—I know the paper upon which this bill is printed—it has been in our possession—I selected the paper upon which the bills were to be printed, and this is a portion of it—the name of our firm is not on the bill—we generally put our name, unless ordered to the contrary—the gentlemen who gave this order directed that the name of the engraver in the imprint should be left out—our name was engraved upon the plate, and I ordered it to be erased in consequence of the orders I received from the parties—I know Coleman by his being introduced to our shop a day or two afterwards as Mr. Coleman, of the firm of Coleman and Bottin—he was introduced by another man, who I have not seen in custody—he called on the 28th to see a proof of the plate—I cannot say for certain whether I showed him one—here-quested six copies to be sent on immediately, and the rest were forwarded on the Monday evening—I cannot say whether the six first were sent, or delivered over the counter—I have seen Coleman in Mark-lane once or twice since 28th June—I went to the address given me to get paid the balance for the plate—I saw a clerk in the office—I do not recollect seeing either of the prisoners there—I was not paid anything on that occasion—we were paid 2l. on account a day or two afterwards by a man who is not in custody—when the order was first given I showed them different samples of paper, and the one they chose had the maker's name, Turner, in the water mark, and that they requested to be left out of the bill—when the paper was cut up into the shape of bills, that mark would appear in about one in ten.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Do you generally execute these bills without a water mark, if you can? A. It does not matter to us at all—we do unless ordered to the contrary—I believe we have been ordered to execute them without a mark—I have never taken an order of that kind before myself

—we are respectable engravers, and did as we were requested to do, without any doubt or hesitation—Mr. Niessen is here—I had only been there four months at that time—a person came in reference to these bills who was not brought up at the Mansion House.

COURT. Q. And that same person paid you the 2l.? A. Yes.





HILARY NICOLAS NIESSEN
 (examined by
MR. PARRY). It is not at all unusual to have the engraver's name taken out from a bill—we are constantly in the habit of engraving bills of this description without our names—there is nothing at all unusual in taking out the water mark in engraving what appears to be foreign bills—we are in the habit of engraving bills in London which bear on them the names of places very remote, in all parts of the world—all the respectable engravers in London are in the habit of doing the same.





GEORGE JERWOOD
. I am in the employment of Mr. Abraham Tozer, of 59, Mark-lane—I know the prisoner Coleman—on 16th or 17th June he took a counting house on our second floor—he continued to occupy it about seven weeks—I am the housekeeper there—the names of Coleman and Bottin were put, but Mr. Bottin I never saw.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You were not actually present at the taking of these rooms, and do not know who actually took them of your own knowledge, do you? A. Excuse me, but you have got Mr. Tozer's agreement, and that will tell you that Mr. Coleman is the gentleman that took them—I was not present at the taking of the rooms—Coleman has been out on bail—he has not been to the counting house above once during that time—he occupied it up to the time of his being arrested.





JAMES ALLAN
. I am clerk and cashier of the Strand branch of the Royal British Bank. I know Coleman—he had an account with our bank—it was not closed in 1851—there was a balance of 6s. 8d. debtor on the account—on 30th June, 1852, he opened a new account in the name of Coleman and Bottin—on opening that account I asked him for his signature—I took it in the signature book—he signed the name of the firm, "Coleman and Bottin" I told him it was customary to get the signature of both partners—he said he was the only one that signed checks, and it was unnecessary to give the name of the other partner—the signature of "Coleman and Bottin" to this bill is Coleman's writing—I cannot say in whose writing the body of the bill is—I have no opinion or belief about it—Coleman opened the new account with 7l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How long had he had an account with you when the balance of 6s. 8d. was left, was it twelve months or so? A. Only one month—I do not recollect how much was paid in, I have the ledger here, and can refer to it—I think it was about 105l.—that was not the whole amount paid in, there were several hundred pounds, I think 500l. or 600l. paid in in the ordinary way, and then taken out.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What was the balance When the second account was closed? A. 2s. 4d.: there is that balance at present standing in our books to their credit.





HENRY FOSTER
. I know the prisoner Gurney by the name of Norton; he lived in Victoria-street, Pentonville—I lived in the same house—he lived there in the name of Norton up to about eight weeks ago, which was about the time of his apprehension—Mrs. Snoxall was the landlady.

COURT. Q. How long had he been there? A. About four years, I believe—I knew him there two years.

Cross-examined by
MR. DEARSLEY. Q. Do you know that he failed about two years ago, and afterwards changed his name from Norton to Gurney? A. No; I do not.






MARY SNOXALL
. I am landlady of the house in Victoria-street, Pentonville, where Gurney lodged four years with me, and went by the name of Norton all the time—he left me six or seven weeks ago.





EDWARD TUCKER
. I am bill broker of 4, Birchin-lane. On 24th July I saw a person of the name of Birch at our office; he produced a paper to me—I cannot swear positively whether he produced this identical bill, or a copy, I rather think it was a copy—it was of the same amount as this one (produced), and precisely in the same terms—I did not entertain it in consequence of the names not standing in the "Directory."





STEPHEN ISAACSON TUCKER
. I am the son of Mr. Edward Tucker, I was in his counting house on 28th July, when Coleman came there and asked me whether I had a bill drawn by Francis Bottin and Co., on Coleman and Bottin—I told him I did not recollect having seen such a bill—I did not recollect it at the moment—he said Birch had told him we had had it upwards of a week—I believe he said it was for 180l. odd.





JOSEPH NETHERCLIFT
. I am a lithographic artist and printer. I have been much accustomed to the examination of handwriting—I have seen the bill produced—I am able to form a judgment when a document is before me, whether it is in the same, or in different handwriting—I know nothing at all about the handwriting of the party by whom this bill was prepared.

MR. CLARKSON
proposed to ask the witness the following question: "Look at that bill, and tell me to the best of your judgment, is the body of it, the name in which it is drawn, the name of the acceptor, and of the indorser, who is also the drawer, one and the same handwriting, or not?"


MR. PARRY (with whom was Messrs.
METCALPE
and
DEARSLEY) objected, no such question had hitherto been allowed to be put to a witness, as it would, in fact, place him in the position of the Jury, and be a usurpation of their functions. See Doe v. Suckamore, Russells Evidence, vol. 2, page 819; and Hex v. Shephard, 1 Cock's Criminal Cases, p. 237.

MR. CLARKSON
contended that this case differed from those quoted, inasmuch as it was not a case of comparison of writing, (the document before the witness being in evidence in the case,) but that it was a question of the competency and right of the counsel for the prosecution to put a particular question to the witness.


MR. BALLANTINE (on the same side) maintained that, the best evidence should be given on the subject; and that the best evidence in this case was scientific evidence; a scientific opinion could be applied to writing as well as to any other branch of evidence; there could be no restriction as to what was scientific evidence, and this case did not differ from one in which a butcher might be called to prove the manner in which an animal had been ad up; or a surgeon to prove that certain wounds were produced either by the same or by a different instrument; in which cases the Jury might have the same opportunity of examining the animal or the wounds, as the butcher or the surgeon, yet would be allowed to have the assistance of a scientific opinion, and further, that a case might arise in which it would become necessary to call Mr. Netherclift to prove that the same pen inscribed the whole of a document, which would yet be matter for the Jury to consider. The
COURT
was of opinion that the evidence could not be received; that the question involved neither more nor less than a comparison of handwriting.






ANTONIO MARTHAY
. I am a native of Spain, and am acquainted with the State of Nicaragua, in South America. I have resided there at several periods, and have been familiar with the State during four or five years—I resided personally in the State last year for four months—the capital of the State is at present Leon. I last came from Nicaragua in the month of June, and

arrived in this country in the middle of Aug.—I had been there six weeks at that time—I am connected with a house in Liverpool, as a merchant—I never heard of such a firm as Francis Bottin, and Co.—I am connected considerably with the merchants of that place—if there had been such a firm there, I think it is very likely I should have heard of it.

COURT. Q. Is there any city called Nicaragua in the State? A. Yes, but the Government call it Rivers; I am not familiar with that place; I have been there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. What is the length of voyage between here and Nicaragua? A. By the West India steamers it is five or six weeks; you land at Great Town, and go up the river in boats or crafts—it takes from a week to a fortnight to go up; it depends on the state of the river and the weather—a sailing vessel to Great Town alone would take six or seven weeks six weeks I should consider a good time from an out-port in England.





JOSEPH WALLOD
 (policeman). I took Coleman into custody on 30th July—I took this paper (produced) from his pocket-book, which was in his pocket.





THOMAS BALCHIN
 (City policeman, 618). I took Gurney into custody on 30th July—I took these four papers from his desk in his office, at 38, St. Mary at Hill—he had given me his address there—I found a key on him, with which I opened the door of the office—the desk was unlocked.

MR. ISAACS
re-examined. These two papers are in the writing of Coleman—this third I believe to be in Gurney's writing, and the fourth in Coleman's.

Letters read: (H) "25th July, 1852. Dear Sir,—We are in receipt of a letter from Mr. Birch, of Antwerp, and will feel obliged if you will favour us with a call. Coleman and Bottin."—(I) "To Francis Bottin and Co., Nicaragua. Mr. Coleman is the son of the late Mr. Coleman, of the firm of Coleman and Chapman, of Liverpool."—(J) "July 29th, 1852. To E. Isaacs, Esq. Sir,—We hereby give you notice that a bill, dated Nicaragua, for 187l. 18s. 9d., drawn by Francis Bottin and Co., in our favour, and accepted by Messrs. Coleman and Bottin, of 59, Mark-lane, has been fraudulently obtained from us, without any consideration; and you are hereby cautioned from making use of such bill in any shape whatever. Joseph Gurney and Co."—(K) "26th July, 1852. Mr. Henry Birch. Dear Sir,—The inclosed bill for 187l. 18s. 9d. is on Messrs. Coleman, drawn by Francis Bottin and Co., at ninety days' sight, which we authorize you to negotiate, and hand over the proceeds to us, according to arrangement between us. Yours truly, Joseph Gurney and Co.")

COLEMAN—


GUILTY
.

GURNEY—


GUILTY
 Aged 60.





Transported for fifteen years.

