



922. 




ALEXANDER MOIR
 was indicted

for the wilful murder of 



Susan Moir: he was also charged on the Coroner's Inquisition with the manslaughter of the said 



Susan Moir.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN JOHNSON
. I was journeyman to the prisoner in March last. He resided at 25, Brydges-street, Covent-garden—on Friday, 22nd March, I was in the bakehouse, which is under the shop and parlour—the prisoner and his wife slept in the back-parlour I believe—I believe the upper part of the house was let out to lodgers—I went to the bakehouse about eleven o'clock—I was in bed when I was called—after I went into the bakehouse, the prisoner bolted the door after me—he was in the habit of doing that—I could not then get to the parlour or other parts of the house—I was to call the prisoner at three o'clock—after I had been in the bakehouse about half-an-hour, I heard noises in the parlour—I heard mistress screaming as if she was being beaten—she was screaming very loud, and it continued till about three, as from a person in pain; not all the time, but time after time—I did not hear any words—I heard also a wrestling on the floor, as if a person was dragging another about—that continued, from time to time, about twenty minutes, at intervals during that time—I heard the dragging and screaming at the same time—it appeared as if the person who was dragged was the person who screamed—it was my mistress's voice—I heard my master talking very loud, but I could not make out what he was talking about—I think the screams came from the parlour—at three I knocked at the ceiling to call my master—he came down—I did not say anything to him about what I had heard, or he to me—he stayed about an hour and a half in the bakehouse, and then went up-stairs again—I remained in the bakehouse, and heard nothing more that night—I saw the prisoner's wife in the shop about eight, when I was about to go out with the bread—her face was in a very bad state indeed, all swollen and bruised, and there was a cut at the side of her left eye—it was not bleeding—I then went out with my bread, and saw her again when I returned, between ten and eleven—she appeared then just the same as when I saw her in the morning—she appeared rather heavy, and looked as if she was not well—I saw her again about six in the evening, in the shop—Mary Ann Bryant was present—Mrs. Moir was standing at the shop-window, attempting to take some bread out of the window, and as she turned round she fell on the floor—she did not strike against anything—she fell clear of everything—Mrs. Bryant asked the prisoner, who was present, to lend her assistance to assist her up—he said, "Let the d—d b—h lay there till she comes to herself"—he did not assist her to get up in my presence—Mrs. Bryant assisted her up, and I then left the shop—I never saw my mistress again—I saw the prisoner between nine and ten next morning—I asked him how mistress was—he said she was in a very bad state, and had been all the night, and he did not expect that she would live, and he was astonished that it had lasted so long as it had done—I was only there one week—this took place the first week I was there—I went on the Sunday before this happened.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What did the prisoner's family consist of? A. His wife and two boys; one about seven, and the other

about thirteen years of age—they occupied the parlour and bedroom adjoining the shop, the ground-floor, and the bakehouse—they kept no servant—I was not put to the prisoner to learn my trade—I had learnt it—I was his journeyman, and had been so to other bakers before—it was rather a small business—he had to be up at three o'clock to attend to it—I had to be in the bakehouse from eleven till that time—he never took my part of the work from eleven till three—he remained there the whole day after three, for any thing I know—generally speaking bakers bolt the journeymen into the bake-house—I do not know whether that is because they are afraid of the bread being left—I saw the deceased the worse for liquor once while I was there—that was about the middle of the week—I cannot exactly say what day; about Wednesday or Thursday—I cannot say that it was the day before this happened—it was between three and four in the day—my master was not at home, and she was down-stairs, telling me about the baking—I am not aware that there was any one in the shop—she did not roll about, that I noticed—she showed me she was the worse for liquor by her speech—she spoke thick—she had no marks or bruises about her face then—she had no appearance of violence at all—she had a black eye on the Sunday morning when I went—that was the left eye—I did not observe her stagger when she left the bakehouse—the children occasionally served in the shop.

MR. CLARK. Q. How long did she remain in the bakehouse? A. A few minutes—I do not know whether any one was left in the shop.





MARY ANN BRYANT
. I am married—my husband is a carpenter and joiner—I am second cousin to the prisoner's wife—her name was Susan Moir—they occupied the shop, parlour, and kitchen, all on one floor, and the bakehouse underneath—from the street you go into the shop, from there into the parlour, from there to the bedroom, and then into the kitchen—they are all on one floor—the parlour is a large room; the other two are small—I have been in the bakehouse, but I am not aware whether it extends under the whole—they have two boys, one thirteen, and the other seven; they slept in the kitchen—I called there on Saturday, 23rd March, about one o'clock, as near as I can tell—the prisoner was at home, and his wife also—his wife appeared very ill indeed, from being knocked about, as she informed me, on the previous night—the prisoner was not there when she said so—he went out—her neck was swollen very much, and her hands were a very dark colour, bruised—I am not aware whether she had a black eye or not, as she wore spectacles; I could not see—I think she was thirty-nine years old—I cooked the dinner that day, and the prisoner returned in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I was in the habit, when I went there, if there was anything not ready, to do it for her, to give her a little time to rest—the dinner was very nearly ready when the prisoner returned—the youngest child told his father that the eldest would not take out a baking his mother had desired him to—the deceased was then in the parlour, standing by the table, and the prisoner began swearing at her, d—n—g and bl—g her eyes, and hitting her in the back with his fist, and boxing her ears with his open hand—he boxed her ears at least a dozen times—they were violent blows, each almost enough to knock a person down—he said he would make her remember not sending the man with the baking—she said she thought she should do wrong by sending the man, as he was making the York biscuits—she stated that at the first commencement—some time after that they sat down to dinner, and he said of the gravy that was made for the mutton-chops, "This is something like gravy, not like the soup you made yesterday," and then he began beating her again on the side of the face and ear with his open

hand—he struck her three or four times, I dare say—they were about the same sort of blows as before—they then both sat down to dinner, and the two children—I did not—the prisoner then threw a piece of bread at her, and it hit her forehead—it was about the quarter of a half-quartern loaf, just as you would cut it, half crust and half crumb—the eldest child picked it up and put it on the table—the prisoner took it up and threw it again, but it did not touch her—just before they sat down to the table he told me he had been very much put out with her; that on the Friday evening she got very much intoxicated, and that he had left home to go out, and ordered her to shut up the shop, and she did not shut it up as he ordered her; and when he came back he shut up the shop and went into the parlour, and she was frying soles, and she said she was very glad he had come in, as she had got some nice fish for his supper; and he told me that he told her he did not want the fish, and that he sat down on a chair by the fireplace, and he saw a gingerbeer bottle standing under the pianaforte, and he went and took it up and put his finger in and found it was full of gin, and that made him very vexed; and that when he asked her where she fetched it from, she said from the "Cheshire Cheese"—the deceased said she did not fetch it from the "Cheshire Cheese," but from a house in Middle-row, Holborn—I told her I did not think she had brought it herself at all, but I thought a Mrs. Doe had brought it to her—she said she had not, she had brought it in herself—I told her she had better tell the truth, for it would save her a great deal, and say who did bring it in for her, for I felt sure she did not bring it in herself—she said she did bring it in, and she got her little basket down and showed us the manner in which she brought the bottle in—I thought she could not have brought it in, because the prisoner said there was no cork in it, and she showed us how she put it in her basket to bring it—when he first beat her about the eldest child not going out with the bread, he also kicked her violently at the back part of the body—that was before they sat down to dinner—he kicked her at the back part of her person, and on her legs—he struck her at least a dozen times—he did not say or do anything more then, and the cloth was cleared, and he went to get the bread for the eldest boy to go out to Camden-town with—the deceased then prepared to dress herself, and he came in and got his pipe, and sat down by the fire—she went into the bedroom, and I remained in the parlour—he did not say or do anything to her then, and I sat talking to him by the fire—after the bread was thrown she did not want to finish her dinner; and he said if she did not sit down to her dinner and finish the meat, that he would send for a rolling-pin, and force the piece of meat down her throat—she then sat down, but did not finish the meat—she put it on the dish again—he then got up, and kicked her, and boxed her ears—he struck her three or four times in the back-part of her person, at the bottom of the back, her sitting-place—they were very severe blows with his open hand—she repeatedly said, "Man alive, don't kill me; man alive, don't beat me!"—he said he would murder her outright, but he would murder her by inches, so that the law should not touch him—he said, "For I can cheat the Devil, and I am d—d if I do not think I can cheat the Government over you"—after she went into the bedroom he told me he thought he had hurt her head very much indeed, and he wished I would get some warm water and bathe it for her, and look at it—I went into the bedroom, looked at her head, and found it in a most dreadful state—her ear was the colour of a piece of sheep's liver—I did not notice which ear it was—she had a cut on her head, some distance above the same ear—the parts all about the ear were swollen—I did not put my hand to her ear—I found there was clotted blood

on her hair—I went and fetched some warm water—I told her I could not bathe her head; it was in such a dreadful state, I could not attempt to look at it again; I was very sorry, but she must bathe it herself—I then came away into the parlour—the prisoner was still sitting, smoking his pipe—he asked me about her, and I said she was dreadful bad, and he had better let her go to bed, for her ear was beyond all description—he said he could not spare her from the shop then, that it was Saturday—he did not go into the bedroom, but remained where he was—about ten minutes after, as near as I can tell, she came into the parlour—I told her I must go away, and she begged of me to remain—the prisoner went away, I cannot say where, but I think into the bakehouse—I remained a few minutes after that, and then left—it was about three then—I returned between five and six, and saw the prisoner go in before me—I found his wife in the shop—she appeared very stupid indeed, as if she had been drinking a good deal—she came into the parlour—the prisoner came into the parlour a little while after, and asked her if she had sent the twopenny loaf to one of the customers, as he had ordered—I forget the name—she said she had not—he then asked if she had sent to another customer, Mr. Robinson—she said, "No," that the bread had not come up from the bakehouse—she said she would send it then—he then replied that it was a d—d shame, it was no use to send it then; the bread was cold, and it was past their teatime; and he boxed her ears repeatedly, and told her to go and put the bread in the window—I cannot say how often he struck her, I should say about a dozen violent blows—I cannot say whether his hand touched that part of her head I had just before examined, or whether it was the same side or not—I cannot say whether all the blows were on one side or not—she attempted to put five or six loaves in the window, and then fell down—I went to her, and noticed blood coming from a cut near her eye—I said, "Good Gods, uncle, she is in a fit"—she looked up, and said, "I am in a fit, Mary Ann, and a very bad one too; don't leave, Mary Ann; for God's sake don't leave me"—I asked him to come and help me pick her up—he said he would not come and pick her up—he made use of some bad language, I do not know what it was, and said she was drunk, and she might lay there—I was so faint that I was forced to leave her there, and go outside the parlour-door—I do not know how she got up—I was not away five minutes, and when I went back she was in her bedroom, standing at the side of a sink with her head resting on her hand, and sliding herself down—she slid down on the floor, and rested her head on a step at the door from the bedroom into the kitchen—she was then quite insensible—the prisoner, I think, was still in the shop—she laid there two hours, or it might be more—I asked the prisoner to come and help me pick her up and put her on the bed—he said no, she should never lay on a bed of his again—I got him to go in once or twice, and he looked at her, and kicked her two or three times severely, and said, "You drunken b—h, get up"—my husband came at a few minutes or a quarter-past eight, and got some warm water, and washed her face—he did not lift her up first, her face was so covered with blood—he could get at her face as she lay there, on his knees—she never came to—my husband aferwards put her on the children's bed—very shortly after that I asked the prisoner to send for a doctor—he said there was no occasion for a doctor—I and my husband remained there till between twelve and one in the morning, and no doctor was sent for while we were there—she continued in the same insensible state—I spoke to the prisoner two or three times about a doctor, and within half an hour of my leaving—he then said there was no occasion for a doctor then; he should see how she got on; if she did not get any better,

he would send for one—he asked me to come early in the morning—I cannot say what time it was when I got there—I should think it was not long after six when the little boy came to me—the prisoner sent the eldest boy for me soon after six, and I was there some time before eight—I found her just in the same state as I had left her—I asked the prisoner if he had sent for a doctor—he said, "No"—I said, "You had better send for one directly"—he said he did not know what to do, or who he should send for; and I advised him to send for a gentleman who had been attending her, Mr. Pritchard—he said, "I do not know where he lives now"—eventually a Mr. Watkins was sent for, and he came while I was there, and saw her—I remained there till past twelve that Saturday night—she was quite senseless all that time—Mr. Watkins saw her repeatedly in the course of the day—I went again about eleven next day, and found she was dead.

Cross-examined. Q. To whom did the piano belong? A. To Mr. and Mrs. Moir; they let lodgings—I am not aware that they had people there connected with the theatre—I was examined before the Coroner and Magistrate—I remember perfectly well the prisoner on that Saturday saying, repeatedly, "I will not murder you outright, but I will do so by inches, so that the law shall not touch me, for I can cheat the devil and the Government" over you—I never mentioned that publicly in the presence of the prisoner till now—I mentioned it to my family after I thought of it, after I had been to Bow-street, but I never told any one of it till I told the sergeant of it yesterday—I believe I mentioned yesterday about his saying he would get the rolling-pin and force the meat down her throat—I am not aware that I ever said it till yesterday.

COURT. Q. Were you before the Grand Jury? A. Yes; I told them about murdering her by inches, but not in presence of the prisoner—I do not know whether I mentioned about the pieces of bread, till I did it to the Grand Jury.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Whom of your family did you mention it to? A. My sisters; I believe I told them of it the day she died—when I was examined before the Magistrate I was very unwell indeed—I was examined on the Thursday, and I had not been in bed from the Sunday night—I was minding the prisoner's shop, and I was hardly able to give any evidence at all at the time—when that was said about murdering by inches, no one was present but the prisoner, his wife, and me, and the eldest child—lam not aware whether the youngest child was there or not.





AMELIA MENDEZ
. I am the wife of David Mendez. In March I lodged at the prisoner's house, in Brydges-street, and occupied the front room, first floor—I recollect coming down-stairs on Saturday, 23rd March, between three and four o'clock—as I came near the parlour occupied by the prisoner, I heard Mrs. Moir screaming and crying dreadfully—I heard her say several times, "Oh, you will kill me, you will kill me!"—I knew the prisoner's voice—I heard him say, "I will murder you before I have done with you"—one of the children was in the room, but I cannot say which, and I heard the child call out, "Oh, father, don't kill my mother! you will kill my mother!"—I did not hear any other voice in the room; I did not hear any other sounds—I stopped at the door to listen.





ALEXANDER GEORGE MOIR
. I am thirteen years old, and am the prisoner's son. I remember the Saturday before my mother died—I was in the parlour, at dinner-time, and my father threw the bread at her twice—he said he could murder her at once, but he would not murder her direct, because of the law of the country, but he would do it by inches—he said he could cheat the devil,

and he thought he could cheat the Government—I cannot remember whether anybody had said anything to him—about half an hour after that I went away with some bread—Mrs. Bryant was there all the while.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever given evidence before? A. Yet, once before the Magistrate—I did not tell the Magistrate this—the Magistrate asked me questions, and I answered him—I was sworn—(no deposition of this witness was returned.)

Q. Who put you in mind of this about murdering her; what made you think of it? A. I have heard father mention it once or twice before, when my grandmother was alive, which will be twelve months on the 23rd of this month—Mrs. Bryant is my cousin—I and Mrs. Bryant have not talked this thing over—we have talked about it, and said it was a bad thing—I have not repeated this conversation to her that I have told to-day, and she has not repeated it to me—no one at all repeated it to me—I told it to some gentleman yesterday—Mrs. Bryant was present then—she said it to the same gentleman, too—I said it after her.

COURT. Q. What sort of health had your mother been in? A. She had been sickly all along, and she never was in good health.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Is this the gentleman you spoke of? (the solicitor) A. Yes; I saw him yesterday—I had not seen him before, that I am aware of—I was with Mrs. Bryant when he asked me the questions—we went together—she was in the room when he asked me first of all—she told it first in my hearing—that was before I had been examined by that gentleman.





JOSHUA WATKINS
. I am a surgeon, and reside at Chandos-street, Charing-cross. On Sunday morning, 24th March, about eight o'clock, I was called to see the prisoner's wife—I found her on a bed—I examined her—her head, neck, and face, were covered with contusions—the face was amazingly swollen, and the features very much distorted—she was perfectly insensible—the entire scalp was contused—it appeared to be a very dangerous case—I apprehended fatal results from the first—I visited her on the Sunday evening, two or three hours, and she continued completely insensible till the Monday, when she died—I made a post mortem examination—she died of compression of the brain, in my judgment, caused by extravasated blood under the dura mater—the contused condition of the head, face, and neck, might produce rupture of the internal vessels and extravasation—repeated blows from the open hand on the head would most decidedly cause the appearances I observed on the head—the brain was remarkably healthy; I have seldom seen so healthy a brain—the liver was a little paler than usual, but plump and elastic, and so were all the abdominal viscera—the paleness of the liver was probably produced when death took place—the whole of the back was contused from the head to the lowest part—those bruises did not conduce to the death—I attribute it entirely to the bruises on the head—the head was in a perfectly pulpy state; there was extravasation of all the fluids under the integuments of the head—on examining the viscera, I discovered not the slightest alcoholic smell—the viscera did not present any appearance of a person given to drinking; and that I might be perfectly certain of that, I inserted my head into the body; so that had there been any effluvia from any alcoholic liquid of any kind I must have detected it; and another thing, the liver of a drunkard is of so remarkable a character that it is impossible to mistake it—it was certainly not the liver of a confirmed drunkard—I made the examination on the Tuesday morning—there was not the least smell of liquor in the interior.




GUILTY
of Manslaughter under very aggravated circumstances.
 Aged 46.—




Transported for Life.



Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

