




518. 




EDWARD BEARD
 and 




JAMES DENNIS



, stealing 73 pieces of ivory, value 120l.; the goods of 



Mary Amelia Rudd.—2nd COUNT., receiving the same.



MR. COOPER. conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD WILLIAM CLAVERIE
. I am carman to Mary Amelia Rudd, a carwoman, who has an office in Billiter Street On 19th Dec. I received ninety—two elephants' teeth, to take to Mr. Carter's—about half past 4 o'clock that day I left the cart in Fenchurch Street, and went to the office—I was away about four minutes; when I returned the cart was gone—I saw nothing more of it till it was brought back empty—the ivory in it weighed 5 cwt—I was here in Jan. last when Pickard was tried (See page 447).

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMPSON. Q. Do you know that Arnold and Hurley have been taken up on suspicion of stealing this ivory? A. Yes, and they were discharged.





JOHN PAYNE
. I am delivery foreman at the London Docks. On 19th Dec. I delivered to Claverie ninety—two elephants' tusks, marked "T. C," and the Dock mark was 100—that was the Company's mark and the Dock look.

Cross-examined. Q. What is your duty? A. To deliver the goods when they are applied for—I personally saw the goods taken from the warehouse and loaded into the cart—I compared them with the warrant, saw them carried out of the warehouse, weighed, and loaded into the cart—I know the marks from an entry in the books—I have no recollection except from the books—my book is not here.

MR. COOPER. Q. You looked at your book, and did that restore your memory as to these things? A. Yes, I have it now in my memory.





WILLIAM CARTER
. I am an ivory dealer, in Primrose Street, Bishopsgate. I employed Mrs. Rudd to bring that ivory from the Docks to my premises—it was never delivered—it was worth about 127l.





THOMAS FREDERICK RUDD
. I am in the employ of Mrs. Mary Amelia Rudd, and am her son. I remember the cart and ivory being lost on 19th Dec.—I saw Beard about the street that day, about half an hour before we lost the cart.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever said that before? A. I believe so—Billiter Street is a mile and a half from Queen Anne Street, Whitechapel—I have known Beard ten years, he had been in our employ—I believe he has been accustomed to drive carts—I suppose he goes about amongst the carmen for the purpose of getting jobs—there are many carmen living about there.





CHARLES JAMES SUMMAN
. I live in Mapes Street, Bethnal Green Road. I knew Pickard, he came to me before Christmas for a horse and cart; Beard was with him—I asked Pickard what he wanted the horse and cart for—he said, pointing to Beard, "I am going to take that young man's things to the Docks."

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known Beard before? A. Not before that—I have seen him once since at my place—I recollect hearing him say that he never saw me before in his life, but I have seen him once since he came with Pickard—he came to my place on 2nd Feb. for a horse and cart—he wanted to go with it himself but I would not allow him to go.

COURT. Q. When he came on 2nd Feb. did you recognise him to be the person who had come with Pickard before Christmas? A. No, I did not, because he had got a large handkerchief round his face.

MR. COOPER. Q. You have seen him since that, and you see him now, are you now satisfied that he is the man that came with Pickard on the first occasion? A. I am satisfied he is.






JOHN KOSTER
. I am a greengrocer, and live at Mile End. On 2nd Feb. the two prisoners came to me to borrow a cart and horse to remove two prickles of bottles—I said that I was not in the habit of lending the horse and cart, and I could not go myself—I had seen Dennis before—they had the horse and cart for about an hour and a half—they got in, and drove it away—I found it afterwards in possession of the officers—the name of Mundy was on it—I had lately taken it.





WILLIAM SMITH
. (City policeman, 572). I went to the end of Farringdon Street, Holborn, on 2nd Feb., about 7 o'clock in the evening, and saw the two prisoners driving a horse and cart, which had baskets in it—I and my brother officer hired a cab, and followed it till we came to Red Lion Street—they turned into Red lion Street, and stopped the cart opposite the Red Lion public house—both the prisoners got out, and went into the public house; we stopped outside with the cab—the prisoners came out, and Beard got into the cart, and turned into Holborn, Dennis turned round the corner, and we lost sight of him—Beard drove along towards Queen Street, and we followed him—when the cart arrived at the end of Queen Street it went rather slowly—we got out of the cab, and stopped the horse—I got into the cart; I put my hand into one of the baskets, and came in contact with one of the tusks—I said to Beard, "What have you here?"—he said, "It is not mine"—I said, "Where are you going?"—he said, "I don't know; a man employed me in Tooley Street, and gave me half a crown to drive the cart for him"—I said, "Who is the man?"—he said, "I don't know"—I said, "I shall take you into custody for stealing these things"—he said, "All right, old fellow; I can't help it"—I took Beard into custody, and Brown drove the cart—in going down Holborn Hill, Beard directed our attention, and said some one was running after us, and that was the man that hired him—there were a great many persons about, and we did not know but that Beard's statement might be a ruse, and we drove on—we saw some one running, but I could not say who it was—when we got to the station I examined the baskets, and found in them seventy-three elephant's teeth—Beard did not say anything at the station—on 27th Feb. I went after Dennis—we traced him to a place, and went into the house, and as soon as we got to the bottom of the stairs, we saw Dennis making his exit from another room—I called him by name, and he answered me—I told him we were officers, and we must speak with him—we told him we came to take him for being concerned with a person named Beard, now awaiting his trial at the Central Criminal Court, for stealing elephants' tusks—I said, "You need not answer any questions that I put to you, unless you think well: Do you know Beard?"—he hesitated a while, and said that he did not; but after a while he said that he did—I said, "You went with him to hire a cart of a person named Coster"—he said, "I know nothing about the cart; I know nothing about the transaction"—he afterwards said, Well, I did hire a cart, and Beard went with me"—when we got to the station, he said, "I have been sold, and I will split on the whole b—lot"—he said, before he got to the station, "A man named Jones hired me to hire the cart"—I saw the cart, it had on it, "William Mundy, Bethnal Green Road"—I have looked at the other teeth that I had when Pickard was in custody, and these (produced), have the same marks—Pickard was tried on 2nd Feb.—he had been in custody some time before that.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you have Arnold and Hurley in custody? A. Yes—I know Mr. Beckwith—I did not receive information from any one—our

attention was called by the conduct of the prisoners, knowing they were in the neighbourhood at the time—Dennis mentioned the name of Jones—he did not mention any one else.

Dennis. It was Jones, in Bishopsgate Street, that I hired the cart for, and this officer went to him; he gave us the prickles and all. Witness. Yes, I did—I saw the person whom he sent us to—we searched the place at his wish, and discovered nothing—I saw his brother, who had been on board a man of war—he said he knew nothing of the transaction—we went to his place on more than one occasion.

Dennis. I was having my tea when you came. Witness. No; you were making your way from one room to another—we allowed you to have your tea before you came away—the public house I speak of is at the corner of Red Lion Street.





WILLIAM CARTER
. re-examined. I have seen the sample of the seventy-three teeth—they are mine, most unquestionably.

Dennis's Defence. I was employed by Jones; the officer said that he went to him and could not see him, but it appears he has seen him; that is the man that hired me; the things were packed at his place, that is all I know about it; I hired the cart and horse, and I was to take it to the Cock, in Dunk Street, Spitalfields.

BEARD—


GUILTY
. of Stealing. Aged 21.—



Confined Twelve Months.


DENNIS—


GUILTY
. * of Receiving. Aged 42.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

