



1932. 




JOHN STEAD



, feloniously forging and uttering a bill of exchange for 49l. 15s. 64.; with intent to defraud.
MR. SEYMOUR
conducted the Prosecution.






ALEXANDER M'KENZIE ROSS
. I am an engineer, of Addison-row, Kensington. I became acquainted with the prisoner in 1834—in 1844 he called on me at my residence, Ryder-street, St. James's, and I lent him 15l.—I did not see him again till June last year, when he came to my offices, 3, Parliament-street and said he was in very great distress, and was endeavouring to effect the sale of some property he was possessed of at Wakefield through his solicitor there, and until that was done he had no means of living, and for the last two days he had had nothing to eat, and if I would give him a few shillings he would pay me when he had his remittance from Mr. Westmore-land at Wakefield, and he would pay me what he owed me—on 17th June, a few days afterwards, he called again, and said Mr. Westmoreland had sent him a bill in part payment, and it was of no use to him as be had no credit anywhere; and if I would advance him a few pounds it would be of great service to him—he handed me a bill, and put his address on it, "5, Berwick-street, Oxford-street"—I gave him 1l. which he asked for, and he gave me a memorandum, putting down the 15l., the 10s., and the 1l., making 16l. 10s.—the following day he came again, and I gave him 2l., on 13th July another 1l., and on 30th July another 1l.—he afterwards called, and said he was going down to Wakefield and wanted money, and I gave him a check for 8l.—when the bill came to maturity I sent it to my bankers, and in due time it came back to me—I wrote to the prisoner and to the drawer, to Norton the acceptor, and the endorser—the letter to the drawer, Wilson, was returned through the Dead-letter office—at the time he passed the bill, the prisoner said Naylor and Co. were respectable manufacturers at Wakefield—I knew the name connected with Wakefield—the prisoner put the endorsement "John Staples" on it at my request—it is his writing—I sent my clerk to the address on the back of the bill, but heard nothing.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. He told you he had some land at Wakefield? A. Some building-ground—I have since heard that that is true, and I believe it is—I know very little of his son; I never saw him to my knowledge; I know nothing to his credit or discredit—I do not think the prisoner mentioned the name of Norton at the time he gave me this bill; I have no recollection—I advanced the money at seven different times—I had no hesitation whatever.





WILLIAM BROOK NAYLOR
. I am one of the firm of John Naylor and Co., cloth-merchants at Wakefield—there is no other Naylor and Co. in our trade at Wakefield—I never put my name to a bill for the prisoner—I have never

accepted a bill since we have been a firm—this bill is not mine, or any of my partners.

Cross-examined. Q. You knew that the prisoner had some property at Wakefield? A. I never knew anything about him till this time—I know nothing of his son.





JOSEPH WILLIAMS WESTMORELAND
. I am a solicitor, of Wakefield. I have been in practice there fourteen years—I have no personal knowledge of the prisoner—I never conducted business for him, or had any transaction with him—I never saw this bill till the policeman called on me.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the prisoner's son? A. No; I live at Wakefield—I have heard that there is property there in which the prisoner has some interest, but it is only from rumour—I do not want you to cross-examine me; for I am sure the interest I shall speak to will not avail you in any way.





JAMES M'DONALD
. I am chief constable of Wakefield. On 27th Sept. I caused two of my officers to take the prisoner—I told him the charge—he said be knew nothing about it; he had never uttered such a bill to Mr. Ross—on a subsequent occasion he requested to see the bill—it was shown him—he looked at the signature, "J. Stead," and said, "That is my name, but it is not my writing; I deny the charge in toto."

Cross-examined. Q. Is Mr. Westmoreland the attorney in this case? A. No; he has no connection with it—I only know by rumour that the prisoner has property in Wakefield—I have heard that he has a son. (Bill read— "Wakefield, 17th June, 1850: two months after date, pay to my order 49l. 15s. 6d. value received, W. Wilson. Accepted, George Naylor and Co., cloth-merchants, Wakefield; payable at Messrs. Glyn and Co.'s')

MR. ROBINSON
called






GEORGE BEARD
. I am a musician, and live in Crown-court, Covent Garden. I have known the prisoner two years—in June, 1850, two gentlemen called at my house—I heard the name of one of them was Harrison—they said they wanted to see Mr. Stead—he had an office at my place—they went up to it—the prisoner resided with me till about five weeks ago—he was very well known, and had an excellent character—he paid me 20l. a year—I have seen him with detective officers at a house which I use myself next door to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. SEYMOUR. Q. Does any one else lire in your house? A. Yes; it is let out in lodgings—there are ten rooms in it—the prisoner lived as under-tenant in my first-floor front-room as a single man about one year and seven months—he lived there before June, 1850, and resided with me till about five weeks ago.





EDWARD MORRIS
. I am a tailor, of Berwick-street. In June, 1850, as near as I can recollect, the prisoner asked me to take in letters for him.

Cross-examined by
MR. SEYMOUR. Q. How long did you continue to take in letters for him? A. For several months—I do not know where he resided—he used to come for letters—he used to come to a lodger of mine named Martin, and then he asked me to take letters for him.





JOSEPH WAINWRIGHT
. I am a solicitor, and reside at Wakefield. The prisoner had some property there till very lately—I advertised to sell it for him about three years ago—the purchase of it was completed about five weeks ago—to the best of my recollection the produce of the sale was 95l.—the prisoner has a son; and from documents that I have seen I know the son tried to sell the property, and stated that his father was dead.

Cross-examined by
MR. SEYMOUR. Q. Have you got those documents

here? A. No; the property was copyhold—'the prisoner completed the sale to Mr. Thomas Avison—I know that Mr. Avison went and paid a mortgage off the deeds, and received them—I saw them afterwards in his possession—I think the deeds were deposited for 60l.—I believe 60l., and something more, for interest, was deducted from the purchase-money, and the rest was paid to the prisoner.

Joseph Berridge, of Swithin's-lane, gave the prisoner a good character.





GUILTY
of Uttering.
 Aged 53.—Recommended to mercy by Mr. Ross.—


Transported for Seven Years.

