



1072. 




WILLIAM LAMBERT



, feloniously forging and uttering a receipt for the payment of 10s., with intent to defraud the 

Postmaster-General.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WEARE
. I am a coach-plater. In April last I resided at a lodging-house in Charles-street, Drury-lane—the prisoner also lodged there—I have an acquaintance in the country, named George Lucas—I received this letter (produced) from him on Monday, 14th April; and in consequence of that, I told my landlady, in the prisoner's presence, that I expected to receive a letter in the morning, and it would contain a Post-office order for half-a-sovereign; and I asked her to keep it for me till I came home—I went out at ten o'clock next morning, and returned at ten at night—I inquired about the letter, and was told something about it—the prisoner was not there then—I endeavoured to find him, but did not succeed—he came home between eleven and twelve that night, very tipsy—I got a policeman, and then asked him if he had received a letter for me; he said he had not—I asked him again, and he said, "No"—I gave him into custody—he was searched, and this letter (produced) was found in his inside-pocket—it has reference to an article which I was employed to place in the Crystal Palace—I did not receive any money-order from Lucas—the name of "James Weir" to this

order is not my writing, nor was it written by my authority; it is altogether a forgery.





GEORGE LUCAS
. I have a shop in Kennedy-street, Manchester. I had a brass plate, which I employed Weir to bang up in the Crystal Palace—on 13th April I sent him this letter, intimating that I should send a moneyorder next day—this other letter is the one in which I inclosed the order on the 14th—I remitted the order in the name of James Scott—I posted that letter that day, addressed to Weir—I got the order at the Post-office at Manchester; it was for 15s.





JOHN M'CHRRIE
. I am a clerk, in the Post-office at Manchester. This order was issued from there to the party requiring to forward the money—I sent an advice to the Receiving-house at Bloomsbury, where the order was payable—this is it.





CHARLES WYATT MURRAY
. I am shopman to Mr. Palmer, of Broad-street, Bloomsbury. He keeps a receiving-house—we pay money-orders—this letter of advice arrived at the office in due course—it would authorize me in paying 15s. to James Weir—on 15th April, about eleven o'clock, a person applied for payment of that 15s.—he signed the name of Davis, and I refused to pay him—he went away, taking the order with him, and in about three-quarters of an hour returned with the prisoner—the prisoner then presented the order—I asked him the name of the party that sent him the money; he said, "Scott"—he then signed the order, "James Weir, 30, Drury-lane, Charles-street," and the 15s. was given him—some inquiry was soon after made, and I gave a description of the persons to the police.

Prisoner. Q. When I produced the order to you, did you not say it was not payable to me? A. I said so to the first man that came—you were not the first man, you are the second man, I am sure of that, and that you signed the name of James Weir—I paid you the money, and saw you take it—you stated your name to be James Weir.





WILLIAM FRAPWELL
. I am in the employ of the keeper of the Receiving-house at Bloomsbury. I was there on the morning of the 15th, when two persons came together—the prisoner is one of them—I did not see the first man that came—the prisoner signed the order, and received the money—I handed him the pen, with which he wrote the signature—I am sure he is the man that received the money.

Prisoner. Q. You saw me sign the name of William Davis? A. No, I did not see the first man sign; I did not see the order after you signed it, but I saw you write it in the presence of another man—I did not notice your receiving the money—you brought the order over to the other side to receive it.





BRIDGET M'DONALD
. I lodged at 30, Charles-street, Drury-lane. On the morning of 15th April there was a knock at the door—I got up to open it, and the prisoner opened it before me, and the postman said, "Is there a man here of the name of James Weir?"—the prisoner and I both answered, "Yes," and the postman handed a letter to the prisoner—I said, "Thank God the poor fellow's money is come at last"—he turned the letter over, looked at it, and put it into his pocket—he then went up-stairs, and in about five minutes went out—I did not see him again till twelve at night, when he was with the policeman and Weir—I said to him, "You had better give the man his money or his letter, before you get into trouble," and he said, "Don't say anything more about it"—he was given into custody—Weir said, "I won't have anything to do with you if you will give me my money or my letter."


Prisoner. Q. Is M'Donald your name? A, Yes; it is no odds to you what the name of the man is that I am living with now.





WILLIAM JACKSON
 (policeman, F 78). On the night of 15th April I went with Weir to 30, Charles-street—we saw the prisoner there, and Weir asked him whether he had received a letter in the morning—he said, "No," and I took him into custody—on going out of the house I saw the prisoner endeavouring to put his hand into his left breast-pocket—I pulled it away, put my hand in, and brought out this letter from George Lucas, of Manchester—I was about to ask him a question, and he said, "Mind what you are about, because I know your duty as well as you do, for I have been a police-constable myself"—I have ascertained that he has not been in the police—(the order was here read).

Prisoner's Defence. I am not the man that signed "James Weir," I only signed "William Davies."




GUILTY
. * Aged 47.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Talfourd.

