





1826. 




SAMUEL STANES,



 THOMAS BATTCOCK
, and 



MARY ANN MARKS



, robbery on 



James Leary, and stealing from his person, 1 cap, 1 pair of boots, 1 knife, and 1 key, value 4s. 2d., and 17s. and 10d. in money; his property.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES LEARY
. I am a labourer, of Haydon's-buildings, Wands worth. On Sunday night, 7th Sept., I had been drinking at several public-houses—I then went into the Grapes, at Wandsworth—it was then between 10 and 12 o'clock—I saw the two male prisoners there—I tossed with Battcock for some gin and beer, he challenged me to toss or I should not have done so—I changed half-a-sovereign at the bar—I had examined my money before I went into the house—I had half-a-sovereign, a 5s.-piece, a half-crown, in my right-hand trowaers pocket, and 3d. in copper in my jacket-pocket—I cannot say what beer I paid for, but I paid for bread and cheese in the bar; I felt the money in my pocket then, but only took out the half-sovereign—Everett changed it, and I put the change with the other money—when I got a short distance from the house, a woman, I cannot say whether it was Marks, came up to me and asked me if I was going home for the night—I told her no (the two male prisoners were by when she came up) she asked me to go home with her—I said I wanted to go home to my own place, and asked her where I was; she told me in a lane away from Putney—she said, "You promised to give me half-a-crown, and I will have it whether you go home with me or not"—I said I would not, and I did not want to go anywhere with her—she pat her hand in my trowsers pocket where my money was; the male prisoners were close by—I shoved the woman away, and they came up, knocked me down, and the hand of one of the men took the money out of my pocket—Stanes said, "If you insult my sister, I will knock you down"—they kicked me as I laid on the ground, knocked me about, and hurt me; my face was covered all over with blood—they turned me over, and searched all my pockets—they had their hands on my breast, and they both searched me with their other hands—the woman was standing by while the beating was going on—I cannot say whether she took anything out; they took my shoes and cap off, and took a knife from my pocket—Battcock got up, and went away before the others; I then laid hold of Stanes, and turned him under me on the ground—I was over him; the woman catched hold of me by the face, and pulled me from him—they left me foolish on the ground, not having sense enough to get up—Stanes and the woman beat me after Battcock had gone away, with their hands, and fists, and shoes—I was in liquor all the time—the police came up, and I described the parties to them—on the Tuesday following I went with the sergeant and saw some men, Battcock was with them—I am sure he is one of them; I pointed him out to the sergeant—he said, "I am not the man, it was the pot-boy who tossed with you"—I saw him by the water-side, where a good many of these girls and men live together—constable took Battcock to the Grapes—we saw the pot-boy there—he heard it, and said, "It was not me, for you sat one on one side of the

room, and one on the other"—he denied it, and pointed to the place where they sat—my boots and cap were worth 5s. or 6s.





JOHN WILLIAM EVERETT
. I keep the Grapes, public-house. On Sunday night, 7th Sept., about 12 o'clock, or ten' minutes past, I cleared the tap-room, and cleared out Leary and the male prisoners, who were in front of the bar—I believe they were all drinking together—in payment for something Leary had, he gave me half-a-sovereign, which I fancied he took from his right-hand pocket—I gave him three half-crowns, 2s., and 2d. in halfpence, which he put into his pocket—he was paying for a quartern of gin—he bad paid for the bread and cheese previously with halfpence out of his pocket—he was a little fresh—he counted his money, and put it into his pocket—I do not remember seeing Marks in the house.





MATTHEW PHELEN
 (policeman, V 103). On Monday morning, 8th Sept., I saw Leary and the woman standing together against a gate, going into the fair green, Wandsworth—I had a woman in custody, who asked what o'clock it was—Marks said it was half-past 11 o'clock—that induced me to look at my watch, and it was a quarter or twenty minutes to I—I said the had made a bad guess—I noticed her particularly, and am sure she is the woman—Leary had no marks of violence at that time—this was abont 200 yards from the Grapes—I went to the Wandsworth police-station, came back, and found Leary lying by the road-side—I had to go a quarter or half a mile—I found him within 100 yards of where I saw them first—he had his cap and boots off, and was bleeding from the face—he complained of having beet robbed, and gave me a description—he said he lived at Wandswortb, and asked ma where he was—he was in liquor—Blythe and another policeman came, and I left as I had to go to Battersea—I found a key about 6 o'clock in the morning near the place where he had been lying—I gave it to sergeant Daly.





WILLIAM BLYTHE
 (policeman, V 271). About half-past 1 o'clock on this morning, I was going from Wandsworth to Battersea—I saw Leary talking to Phelen near the fair field—Leary's face was covered with blood, and his clothes were all dust—he made a complaint to me, and I pat him in the way home—he was drunk, but he said he knew where he was—he would walk well enough—I have known Battcock three or four years—he came out of the railway arch seventy or eighty yards further on—I said, "Well Mr. Batt, where are you off to this morning?"—he said, "Did you see Lize?"—I said, "What Eliza Stanes?"—he said, "Yes"—I said I had not seen her—he lives with Stanes' sister, Eliza—it was then half-past 1 o'clock—he was quite sober—he took out a pipe, and asked me to give him a light—he went on towards Wandsworth, and I went to Battersea—about half-past 3 I came back to the same spot, and found a boot-lace, and a constable with me found another—the ground was very much trampled about there, as if there had been a scuffle.





THOMAS DALY
 (police-sergeant, V 33). On 8th Sept., between 3 o'clock in the morning and half-past, I met Leary in High-street, Wandsworth—he complained of having been robbed—from what he said I went to stanes's house—he was not at home—I received this door-key from Phelen—I showed it to Leary—it locks and unlocks his door—in the afternoon I took Stanes at the Rose and Crown, Wandsworth, where he generally resorts—next day I went with Leary and Phelen, and took Marks at her house, Young's-buildings, Water-side, Wandsworth—there were five or six other women there—Phelen at once pointed out Marks as the woman he saw talking to Leary—Battcock was sitting down with some more men outside the house—Leary

said, "I think chat is the man that tossed with me at the Grapes"—I asked Battcock to go there—he stood up to come, and said, "It was not me, it was the pot-boy that tossed him"—I took him to the Grapes with Leary, and saw the pot-boy—Battcock said, "You are the one that tossed with Leary"—the pot-boy said, "No, you are the one; you sat here," pointing to where he sat—I asked Marks if she had not been at the Grapes—she said, "I was at the Grapes, but it was not me that was with the Irishman, it was Eliza Stanes"—I took Marks back a second time, and placed her alongside Eliza Stanes, and Phelen said it was Marks.

Battcock. Q. Did not Leary tell you he had been robbed of 24s.? A. He did when I first met him, and that he was robbed at Putney—he considered it was at Putney—Leary was not sober when I met him—he appeared as if he had been very stupidly drunk.





JOHN THORPE
. I am a wagon-driver, of East-hill, Wandsworth. I was going to work on the morning of 9th Sept, and saw a man, I do not know who, standing under the wall opposite the fair field, near Mr. Coleman's, and two men in the road, scrambling about together, and a woman close by them—I do not know whether it was Marks—I know none of the prisoners—the men under the wall was forty yards from the others.

MARKS—


NOT GUILTY
.

STANES—


GUILTY
.* Aged 22.

BATTCOCK—


GUILTY
.* Aged 25. 



Transported for Seven Years
.

Before Mr. Baron Martin.
