




81. 




HENRY SIMPSON
 and 




HENRY MITCHELL



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Thomas Roberts, and stealing therein, l,236 yards of silk, value 187l., and other goods, value 137l., and 3l. 3s. in money, his property.


MR. LILLEY
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES PAY
 (police sergeant, P 8). On the night of 30th, and morning of 31st Oct., I was on duty in the Old Kent-road, and about a quarter to 2 o'clock, I was passing the house of Mr. Roberts, a linen draper, in Brunswick-place—I heard a noise, and went up to the shop door, looked through a crevice by the side of the door, and saw the two prisoners—Simpson was holding a candle, and Mitchell was packing up goods in bundles—I waited five minutes looking at them, and then sent for another constable—I heard Neville coming, and sent Rowbotham to him that he should not speak to me—I sent Neville to the back of the house—I heard the front door unbolted, and then heard something snap, as if it was a lucifer; a light then reappeared and was put out again almost directly—I then heard them unfastening the bar that was across the door, and in about a minute after that the door was opened slightly, and I rushed in and took Simpson into custody—while I was in the act of doing so, he made a desperate blow at me with a jemmy, but I caught his arm, and caught him by the throat with my right hand, and he did not strike me—I threw him on his back directly, and grasped his throat and arm—he said, "All right, all right, I will do nothing"—Rowbotham was close to me at that time—I saw Mitchell in the room directly I went in, but he escaped through the back of the shop—I did not know him before, only by seeing him through the crevice—I left Simpson in custody of other constables who had come up, went into the shop, and found eight large bundles tied up with shawls very loosely, with knots across—I saw Mitchell again, between five and ten minutes afterwards, he was brought by Neville round to the front of the shop—I examined the premises, and found a desk broken open at the back of the shop—I then proceeded to the first floor window, and saw that a pane of glass had been broken, by which an arm could be put in, and the window unfastened—the broken pane was close to the fastening—the shop projects in front, and the first floor window opens on to leads—I took this small crow bar (produced), from Simpson's hand, and in the shop leading to the back premises, I found this life preserver (produced)—Mitchell must have gone that way—I took the prisoners to the station, searched them, and found on Simpson, six silver spoons, one electro plated spoon, one fork, a silver knife rest, 3 skeleton keys, 3l. odd in silver, and copper, and a quantity of receipt and postage stamps—I found on Mitchell, a silver fruit knife,

a pocket book, a pair of spectacles, a street door key, and 41/2 d. in copper—I called up the prosecutor, and he came down stairs.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. What kind of a crevice was this that you were looking through; was it between the door and the frame work, or was it a hole made by the people inside? A. It was a hole broken by the side of the door and the shutters—it was nearly as large as my finger—it was not recently made, but a chink between the shutter and the frame work—I had never seen the prisoners before to my knowledge.





DANIEL ROWBOTHAM
 (policeman, A 489). On 31st Oct. I was with the last witness, and observed what he has described passing in Mr. Roberta's shop—I went for assistance, and Neville came up—after watching still longer, the door opened, and sergeant Pay went in and took Simpson into custody; I followed him, and Mitchell stepped out at the back of the shop—I passed through the shop in search of him, I could not find him, and returned through the shop—Neville then brought Mitchell round to the front.

Simpson Q. Did not you say that I struck you on the arm in striking at the sergeant? A. No—I did not take the crow bar out of your hand—there was no light, and I could not see what you did.





THOMAS NEVILLE
 (policeman, P 363). On the morning of 31st Oct., I was in the Kent-road—Rowbotham came to me, and in consequence of something he said, I went to Mr. Roberta's shop—I received directions from sergeant Pay, went to the back of the premises, got over the gardens to within two gardens of Mr. Roberta's, and as I stood on a wall I saw Mitchell coming from the back of Mr. Roberts's house, getting over the fence from the yard into somebody else's garden—I was about thirty yards from Mr. Roberts's garden—there were two gardens between—I followed him over several gardens, and took him without losing sight of him—he said nothing, but tried to escape, and was tustling for a few minutes—I sprang my rattle, and the parties got up, and let me into the street—it was about two o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say anything to him when you took him? A. No, I laid hold of him, and conveyed him to Mr. Roberts's house, but said nothing to him about the robbery—he was quite sober—he was near upon fifty yards from Mr. Roberta's when I laid hands on him—he had got over several gardens—I do not know how many yards there are in a mile—I suppose I am twenty yards from the other end of the Court—I did not search him till I got to the station, I then took from him a small knife, a door key, and some halfpence—the knife was in his waistcoat pocket, he gave me no account of it—the charge of robbery was made against him in my hearing, he said nothing.





THOMAS ROBERTS
. I am a linen draper, of No. 2, Brunswick-place, Old Kent-road, in the parish of St. George, Southwark. I was aroused about 2 o'clock in the morning by a policeman's rattle, and a knocking—I got out of bed, went to the back bed room window, threw open the sash, and saw a policeman on the wall of the adjoining premises—he called out, "There are thieves in your house, for God's sake come down!"—I came down stairs, and in the shop found several bundles of goods, near the door; they were mine, and had been on shelves and boxes, and some in the window—I had gone to bed about 11 o'clock, the window fastenings were then secure—I believe I was the last person up, but not the last in the shop; my appren-tike has to turn the gas out, and he brought me the key of the shop—I found the counting house door broken open, and almost all my papers in the counting house disturbed, and my desk also, which had not been locked—

—there bad been no money in that, but there had been about 3l. 3s. In silver and copper in the desk in the shop which had been locked, and was broken open, and the money gone—there were marks on the desks—this is my wife's fruit knife, it was in the front sitting room the night before—that does not communicate with the shop, there is rather a long staircase between, and a passage as well—the sitting room is up stairs, it is the room where the pane of glass was found broken—this life preserver was found on the door mat in the kitchen, leading to the yard—the kitchen is below the shop—these silver spoons are my property, and bear my initials, "T. R." and here is my knife rest as well—the value of the property removed is about 330l.

Cross-examined. Q. You have not lost any of it? A. No—there is nothing on this knife by which I can identify it, but my wife had one exactly like it—these spectacles are like mine, they suit my sight exceedingly well, and I believe them to be mine.

MR. LILLEY. Q. When did you see the fruit knife last? A. I am not positive, but it has not been seen since—it was my wife's before she was married, two years ago—the pane of glass was not broken when I went to bed—I saw to the fastenings in that room myself.





THOMAS MARTIN
. I am apprenticed to the prosecutor. On the night of 30th Oct. when I went to bed the house was safe—it was then about 11 o'clock—the shop was secure when I took in the key.

SIMPSON—


GUILTY
.** Aged 21.

MITCHELL—


GUILTY
.** Aged 23.—



Four Years Penal Servitude
.
(Simpson was further charged with having been before convicted.)





GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (police-sergeant, P 1). I produce a certificate (Read: "St. Mary, Newington, 


Peter Williams, Convicted, May, 1852, of stealing 30 lbs. weight of veal; having then been before convicted: 
Transported for ten years")—Simpson is the man—I was present at his trial.


GUILTY.—


Transported for Fourteen Years
.
