




1653. 




JOHN MORAM
 and 




ELIZA WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

 a rob-bery on 



James Roberts, and stealing from his person 1 watch, 1 seal, 1 key, and 1 guard, value 5l. 10s.; his goods.


MR. M'MAHON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES ROBERTS
. I live at 25, Pratt-street, Camden-town, and am an undertaker's man. Last Saturday night, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was in Victoria-street—the prisoner Williams stopped me, and asked me to go home with her—I asked her where—she said down a court in Field-lane—I asked her whereabouts—she said "Just down here, not far"—at the same time a man came up, put his left arm round my waist, struck me a blow under the ear, and ran away—I called "Police!" looked round, and saw the man running towards Field-lane—I missed my watch, seal, guard, and key—two men in private clothes, who said they were policeman, came up, arres-ted Williams, and found the watch on her—it was a silk guard, gold key and seal—I have not found them—this is my watch(produced)—Moram appears the same size as the man, and he had a cap on—Moram had one on at the station that night.

Cross-examined by
MR. KENEALEY. Q. Did you not, when you first saw him at the station, say he was not the man? A. No; I said I could not swear positively, but he was about the same size—Baker did not come to my side, nor after something had passed between us, did I say he was the man—Baker did not call me aside—he did not go anywhere with me, or tell me anything at all at the station—he did not nudge me, and the policeman did not—after I had said I could not swear he was the man, Baker did not say, "Yes, that is the man; I know it is the man"—I did not fall when the man struck me, because Williams closed in upon me—it was not very dark—I cannot now positively swear he is the man.

MR. M'MAHON. Q. Did the police or Baker do anything to make you say otherwise? A. No.





WILLIAM COOPER
 (policeman, 112 G). Last Saturday night I was on duty

in Victoria-street, at the bottom of Saffron-hill, which is not many yards from Field-lane, and about 300 yards from Fox's-court, Gray's-inn-lane—I heard a cry of "Police!" saw Williams struggling with the prosecutor, and took her into custody—I found this watch (produced) in her hand—I took her to the station—I saw a man run away, and, to the best of my belief, Moram is the man; I saw him in custody about twenty minutes after.

Cross-examined. Q. When Moram was first brought to the station, did not you hear Roberts say, "This is not the man?" A. No; he said, "I believe he is the man; I cannot positively swear to him"—Williams had been drinking, but was not drunk—I was at the police-office—Moram did not offer to make a statement—Sir George Carroll cautioned him, he did not say, "If you take my advice, you will say nothing till your trial"—he said it was his duty to caution him, because it might be used against him—he did not dissuade him in any way from making it.

Williams. The policeman is the man who took the watch. Witness. There is no pretence for saying I took the watch from Roberts.





JOSEPH BAKER
. I am a potman and waiter, and live at Pickett's-place, Strand. Last Saturday night, about twenty minutes-past eleven o'clock, I was standing at a post in Victoria-street—I saw Moram go across the road towards a man and woman who were standing by the rails—he put his left arm round the prosecutor's waist, struck him with his right fist at the side of the head, and ran off—there was a cry of "Police"—I went after the pri-soner, and when I got to the corner of Field-lane I was tripped up by some males and females—I then ran back, and saw Williams in custody—when I first saw Moram I was walking towards him, and was about a yard and a half, or two yards from him, and I had a good look at him, and gave Fisher a description of him—we went to several places, and at last found him standing at the corner of a narrow dark court in Fox-court, Gray's-inn-lane—the in-stant I saw him I said he was the man—Fisher arrested him, and told him the charge—he said it was a d—d lie, he had not been in Victoria-street all that day—he resisted very much—Fisher was obliged to call two more police-men before he could secure him.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been out of employ? A. Three weeks—I was last at Mr. Edwards's, in Stanhope-street, Clare-market—I was there thirteen weeks—before that I was out of employ ten weeks, and before that I was in Clare-street—I do not know the meaning of the word trap—I never heard it in connection with policemen—I never heard what a police-man's trap is, and never acted the part of a trap—this is the second time I have appeared in a court, to give evidence—I gave evidence before on behalf of the police—I did not get any expenses—I have not been leading a strange life about the streets for two years—I was never potman in Bear-street—I live with my father and mother-in-law, at 7, Pickett's-place—I do not live at 7, Robin Hood-court—on this night I saw Moram for about a minute before the transaction happened—I had no reason for taking particular notice of him—when he was first brought to the station, I did not hear Roberts say, "That is not the man:" I do not know what he said, I was not near him—I was talking to one of the City-police, who took the charge; he is not here—I will not swear Roberts did not say so—I did not go up to him, and say, "That is the man I saw strike the blow"—I did not nudge Roberts—I did not speak to him at all when the charge was entered—I left my last place through illness—I was obliged to go into the country—I came back, and in a fort-night was again taken ill—I am not always dodging about Gray's-inn-lane—I go round Holborn, Fleet-street, and the Strand, looking for a situation.






WILLIAM FISHER
 (policeman, G 127). Last Saturday night, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I heard a cry in Victoria-street, ran up, and found the prosecutor and Williams—Baker came up to me—I went with him, and found Moram in Fox-court—it was very dark where he was standing—Baker pointed him out as the man who had struck the prosecutor—I told him he was charged with being concerned with a female now in custody, with assaulting and robbing a man in Victoria-street—he said it was a d—d lie, he was not in Victoria-street—he was very violent, and I was obliged to get the assistance of two other constables before I could take him—I saw the man running away from the prosecutor, and to the best of my belief the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. When you saw him run away, you began to believe it was Moram? A. Yes; I never saw Baker before that night—he is no trap of mine—I understand a trap to mean a man who goes about with policemen, getting evidence—Moram resisted very violently—I did not hear Roberts say at the station, "That is not the man"—he said, "To the best of my belief, that (is the man"—I did not hear Baker say, "Yes, that is the man; I saw him strike you"—Roberts did not then come forward and swear to him—I was at Guildhall when this charge was heard—after the Magistrate had given the prisoners the ordinary caution, I did not see that Moram was about to make a statement—I did not hear the Alderman say, "It will be better for you to reserve what you have to say till your trial;" I will not swear he did not—Moram said he had nothing to say—I did not pass him by three times before I arrested him—I went straight up to him—I did not show him to Baker before I went up to him—Baker saw him at the same time as I did.

MR. KENEALEY
called






ANN ALLPRESS
. I live at 56, Baldwin's-gardens, Gray's-inn-lane. My brother keeps two lodging-houses there, and the prisoner occupies one room—his mother and father live there also—last Saturday I saw him several times in the course of the day—I saw him at one o'clock, two, between three and four, seven, and the last time was from half-past eleven to twelve, when I was going to close the shop, he was then coming down-stairs from his mother's room with a hunch of bread—I have known him three years—I always found him strictly honest, and he has borne a good character.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. How near are Baldwin's-gardens to Victoria-street? A. I cannot say—it was not so late as twelve o'clock when I saw him, because we are quite closed then—it was after half-past eleven—I never saw him in Williams's company—the prisoner's mother came down into the yard just as I was going to shut the door, about half-past eleven.





HENRY DAY
. Last Saturday night, about half-past eleven o'clock, I was going for a pint of beer for my mother—I saw the prisoner coming down-stairs with a bit of bread and butter in his hand.

Cross-examined. Q. It could not have been as late as twenty minutes to twelve? A. No; I had been to see the time just before, at the beer-shop—Baldwin's-gardens is about five minutes' walk from Fox-court—I had not seen him between eight and eleven—I saw Mrs. Allpress shutting up her shop at the same time that I saw the prisoner.

MR. KENEALY. Q. Can you say at what time before you had seen him? A. About a quarter to eleven; he was then walking through Baldwin's-gardens into Leather-lane—there was no one with him.

MORAM—


GUILTY
.†**Aged 21.

WLLIAMS—


GUILTY
.† Aged 28.





Transported for Seven Years.

