



976. 



WILLIAM MYERS
, was indicted

 for a burglary in the dwelling house of 



Charles James Fox, with intent to steal.






CHARLES SILSTON
 (policeman, P 142). On 16th Sept., about 1 o'clock

in the morning, I was in the Walworth-road—I saw a man standing at the end of a court by Mr. Fox's house—I went to the spot, and when I got up to it the man was not there—I pushed against Mr. Fox's door, and found it was unfastened—I went into the shop and turned my lamp on—I found the prisoner in the shop, which is in front—the dwelling house is at the back—he had not got anything down, but he had a piece of meat in his hand—it was still on the hook—I said to him, "Hallo, my friend, what are you doing here?"—he said, "George, come and serve us that half pound of steak"—I looked, and I saw nobody—I gave an alarm—Mr. Fox came, and I took the prisoner in custody.





CHARLES JAMES FOX
. I am a butcher, and I live at No. 27, Crosby-row, Walworth-road—it is my dwelling house, as well as my shop—it is in the parish of St. Mary, Newington—on 16th Sept., about 1 o'clock in the morning, I was awoke by a noise in my shop, which opens into the street—there is only the shop door—you must go through the shop to go into the house—I came down, and found the prisoner and the officer there—I never saw the prisoner before—he had not the least right to be in my shop.

Prisoner. I and the policeman were standing together. Witness. You were bustling about—you resisted very much, and said you would not be handled by me.





ALFRED CRITCHER
. I am shopman to Mr. Fox. I and my master had shut up the premises about ten minutes past 10 o'clock on the night before—we were the last in the shop—we were in bed by a quarter-past 10—I fastened the door, I bolted it at top, and tried it afterwards, it was all safe—I was awoke by the noise—I put on my things in the room I sleep in, which is next to the shop—I saw all that passed, and heard all that passed.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in the habit of going to the ham and beef shop, and that night it was shut up; I turned back, and thought I would go to the coffeeshop; as I got just by Mr. Fox's, two females said, "Here is a butcher's shop open;" I went and stood at the door for two minutes; I then went in and found no one there; I stamped my foot on the floor, and called, "George!" who I knew used to live there; I thought I would get a bit of steak; the policeman came in and took me; he said he saw me standing at the door; I had the money in my hand; I do not know whether I pushed against the meat or not; there were marks of violence on the door, and there is but one bolt, which is the top bolt; there is another man who lives with Mr. Fox, who ought to have been here.

MR. FOX. I have another man who sleeps with me—he was there that night.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (police-sergeant, P 1). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted, Sept. 1849, of stealing fifty sovereigns and a piece of leather. 
Confined eighteen months—the prisoner is the person—there was another person tried with him who was transported.


GUILTY.—


Transported for Seven Years.

