




800. 




JOSEPH NEWTON
 and 




ANN PRICE



, feloniously making and counterfeiting 4 groats.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
POLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BRANNAN
 (police inspector). On Saturday, 4th June, in consequence of information, I went to No. 14, Newton-street, Holborn, accompanied by Maskall and another officer—I went to the back room on the third floor, it was about a quarter past 6 o'clock in the evening—I found the two prisoners in the room, and another man—on my entering the room, Newton stood up, and picked from off the hob some pieces of plaster of Paris mould, and dashed them into the fire—I said I belonged to the police, and I seized hold of him—a part of the mould was scattered from the fire on the floor, and he commenced trampling upon them—I seized him, and he resisted violently—I pulled him from the fireplace, and pushed him back against the window, and his head came against the frame; I then put him into the hands of Sergeant Maskall—while I was engaged with Newton, I saw Price throw something on the fire—I saw two shillings distinctly, and they melted—another shilling went into the crucible—I saw her throw more than two shillings out of her hand—one of them went into this crucible, and I got it off before it was quite melted—this is the crucible, with part of the shilling in it—I also took from the fireplace these moulds for casting 4d.-pieces—one mould is whole, and there are several other pieces of moulds—they were in the fire, near where a pipkin was—some of these pieces I found on the floor, which I prevented Newton from destroying—these are moulds for casting 4d., pieces, and here is a mould for making shillings—on the table near the fire was this jar, and in it I found thirty-nine counterfeit shillings (produced)—in a little box on the mantelshelf there were four counterfeit sixpences, and fourteen fourpenny counterfeit pieces—the fourpenny pieces are finished—the shillings are not finished—some of the sixpences are finished—on the table I found this file with white metal in its teeth—on the window cill I found a galvanic battery, wire, and plate; also a jar, and a jar containing acid solution, a portion of which I have got—I went to the cupboard, and in it I found this piece of glass, which is used for making plaster of Paris moulds, bearing on it marks of plaster of Paris, and some sand, which is also used—I forgot to mention that in the jar which was on the table there was, I believe, seventeen sixpences,

some finished and some unfinished—I saw the other officer take Price, and saw her drop a sixpence from her hand, or from her dress.

Cross-examined by
MR. BAILEY. Q. Where were those moulds? A. On the hob of the stove; there was another man in the room—another officer took him, and he was discharged before the Magistrate at Bow-street—directly I entered the door, Newton threw some moulds into the fire, and then he commenced trampling on some—I laid hold of him—it was after he was trampling that I rushed up and seized him.

COURT. Q. You said before that you seized him, and he began trampling, and now you say you seized him afterwards? A. It was all the work of a moment; he commenced trampling before I could get across the table to him—I am sure of that.





WILLIAM HENRY MASKALL
 (policeman, A 403). I accompanied the last witness to the house where the seizure took place—when I entered I saw Newton take the moulds from the hob, and dash them into the fire—he was immediately seized by Brannan—he resisted very violently—some portion of the moulds remained in the fire, and some flew out on the floor, and Newton commenced trampling on them as soon as ever they were on the floor—Brannan seized him, it was all the act of a moment—I assisted in removing him to the other side of the room; he was there given into custody—I searched him on the spot; in his left hand waistcoat pocket I found three paper parcels containing counterfeit coin—one parcel contained ten shillings, the next five shillings, and the other twenty counterfeit sixpences—they appeared to be in a finished state, and were wrapped up separately—in his right hand waistcoat pocket I found a good half crown—he was then taken to the station house.





THOMAS EVANS
 (policeman, G 145). On 4th June I accompanied the other officers to No. 14, Newton-street—I took Price—I took her to the corner of the room, and found she was very fidgetty—I asked what she had got in her pocket; she said, "Nothing"—I said, "Turn out your pocket;" and this, a counterfeit 6d., dropped from her hand as she was turning out her pocket—she gave me a little box out of her pocket, which contained three good shillings and two good sixpences—I examined the mantelshelf, and found three counterfeit shillings—I did not ask Price any questions; she said she knew nothing about the affair; that she had come up there to see the young man, and she did not live there.

Price. William Harvey gave me that box. Witness. There was a man taken of the name of Harvey; he was discharged.

COURT. Q. When she said she came to see the young man, did she mean Harvey or Newton? A. Newton; because he was near to her—Harvey was at a distance—he was in the room—I understood her to mean Newton.

Price. William Harvey had something in his mouth, and he threw down the money; I had nothing in my hand. Witness. Yes; she had the 6d. in her hand, I have no doubt—it did not come from her pocket, I saw it come from her hand—it did not come from the young man; he was at some distance—the room is not very large.





JOHN KING
. I am porter to Mr. Brown, of Holborn. He is the landlord of No. 14, Newton-street—I remember the prisoners applying for a room in that house on 21st May—it was the back room on the third floor—they were, to pay 2s. a week—they were both together—I went and showed them the room—I came back nearly to my master's shop, and then left them—I have been in the house, and seen them going up and down the stairs—sometimes the man, and sometimes the woman—I saw the woman in the house once or twice.






JAMES HASLETT
. I am in the employ of Mr. Brown, I collect the rents of the house in Newton-street—I have collected the rent of the room occupied by the prisoners—the woman paid one shilling on 21st May, when the room was taken—they were only there a fortnight—the woman paid the first shilling that was advanced, and after they had been there a week another shilling was brought to me by King—I am sure he brought it to me—that was all I received.





JOHN KING

re-examined. I took a shilling to Haslett for the first week's rent—I received it of Newton in the house; he was coming down the stairs, and gave it to me—I saw the woman in the house about twice—she had her bonnet on—I never saw her in the room.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint. This is part of a crucible for melting metal, and there is a little fused metal on the side of it—here is the part of a shilling that was found in it—these moulds are for casting 4d. pieces, and here are a lot of 4d. pieces cast in this mould—here is part of a mould for casting shillings—here is just enough of it left to prove that some shillings which are produced were cast in it—here are thirty-nine counterfeit shillings, and most of them were cast in this mould—these seventeen sixpences are all counterfeit, and are in an unfinished state—here is a file with white metal in the teeth of it—it is used for clearing the coin—here is part of a galvanic battery; the cup, and plate, and wire—these are used for the purpose of electrotyping the coin—this piece of glass is used for preparing the mould, and this sand for rubbing the coin—these paper parcels contain counterfeit coin; one has ten shillings, the other five shillings, and the other twenty sixpences—they are all finished, and ready for circulation; and some of these are also from the mould—in the box taken from the woman one of the shillings is of the date of 1839; it is a good shilling, and is the model from which the mould has been made—I can tell that from corresponding marks on this good shilling and some of the counterfeit shillings—this paper contains six 4d. pieces, and here is the mould that they were made in—I can say that certainly from peculiarities I find in it.

Price's Defence. I met this young man that morning in Drury-lane; he asked me to go and have a cup of tea in his room, while I was there the officers came; I did not drop the sixpence.

NEWTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


PRICE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

