






743. 




MARY ANN JONES
, 



MARY ANN MAINE
, 




MARGARET SULLIVAN
, and 




ELIZABETH LOADER



, stealing 22 yds. of printed cotton, value 11s.; the goods of 



Walter Rowsell; Jones and Sullivan having been before convicted.






WALTER ROWSELL
. I live at 38, York-street, St. Luke's, and am a linen-draper. On the afternoon of 13th Feb., the prisoner Maine came and bought a ball of cotton, paid for it, and went out—directly she was gone Mrs. Mills came and spoke to me; in consequence of which I went to the shop porch, and missed this piece of print (produced), which I had seen safe a quarter of an hour before—I went through several streets; through King's-square, which is a quarter of a mile from my shop, and at the corner of Wellington-street, Goswell-street, I saw Jones, Sullivan, and Loader—I laid hold of Loader; I found she had nothing, and let her go—I then took Jones, and found she had the print in her apron; I said, "You have my print in your apron"—she said some one had given it her—I told her I should take her to the station, she begged me not to, and made great resistance—as we were going, some one gave her a knife, and told her to stab me, and she cut my band, but did not hurt me—I took this knife (produced) away from her—in the evening Maine came to my shop with two women, who said they were Jones's mother and sister, and offered to pay for the print—Maine said they were outside together, and Sullivan gave her a penny, and sent her in for the ball of cotton—she said nothing about the print.

Cross-examined by
MR. CARTER. Q. Did you see where the knife came from? A. Some hand gave it her, I cannot tell whether it was a man or woman; it is a common dinner knife; my finger was cut—there were two ladies in the shop when Maine came in, my boy was serving them—the print was pinned in several places on an iron in the lobby; it could not be easily taken away—when I served Maine her back was towards the print.






MARY ANN MILLS
. I live nearly opposite Mr. Rowsell's shop. On this afternoon I saw all the prisoners standing next door to Mr. Rowsell's—I saw Jones and Loader leave the other two, and go to Mr. Bowsers door, and Jones took the pins out of the print, and put them into her frock—they then went back to the other two, and Maine went into the shop, and while she was in, Jones and Loader went, and Loader took the print—they both came out, joined Sullivan, who had been waiting for them, and went away together—Sullivan could see Loader take the print—Maine almost immediately came out, and turned the contrary way to which the others had gone—I told Mr. Rowsell.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in your room? A. Yes: it is not a very wide street—the others were out of sight when Maine came out—when Jones and Loader unpinned the print, they were inside the porch.





JOHN SMITH
 (policeman, G 79), I took Jones, and the prosecutor who was present delivered me this print; Jones said she had not stolen it, she had it gave her.





WILLIAM BIBBY
 (policeman, G 190.) I took Maine; she said she was sent in by Sullivan for a ball of cotton; she asked if they were going to do any thing wrong, because, if they were, she would not go in.





JOHN REEVE
 (policeman, A 424.) I took Sullivan, and told her it was for being concerned with others in stealing twenty-two yards of print; she said she knew nothing about it—she afterwards said, though she were bad, she was not bad now; she had been taken out of an institution, but she was going to turn good now—she afterwards said she had given Maine the halfpenny to buy the cotton.

Cross-examined. Q. Is not Maine a decent girl? A. They call her the "modest girl"—that is a phrase used by prostitutes towards one who goes sly.






JOHN HARVEY
 (policeman, 14 G), I took Loader; she said she did not take the cotton, it was Mog Sullivan and the "modest girl"—I found her under the bed.





WILLIAM MURRELL
 (policeman, N 135.) I produce a certificate from Clerkenwell (read—Mary Ann Compton, convicted Oct., 1850, of stealing. 40 yards of printed cotton—Confined Three Months)—I was present—Jones is the person.





ROBERT BRIDLE
 (policeman, A 429.) I produce a certificate (read—Clerkenwell, Feb. 1849. Margaret Mayers convicted of stealing from the person—Confined Six Months)—Sullivan is the person.

JONES—


GUILTY
. ** Aged 16.

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. † Aged 19.





Transported for Seven Years.


LOADER—



GUILTY>. ** Aged 14.
Recommended to mercy by the Jury
—




Confined Twelve Months.


MAINE—


NOT GUILTY
.
