




1147. 




WILLIAM HACK



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Theophilus Murcott, and stealing therein 8 guns, and 15 penknives, value 22l. 6s.; his goods.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JONATHAN MURCOTT
. My brother Theophilus is a wholesale ironmonger, of Oxford-street, in the parish of St. George's, Bloomsbury. I manage his business for him, and generally sleep on the premises—on 8th May, about nine o'clock at night, 1 went home, opened the warehouse-door with my key, shut the door, and went towards the counting-house—I lighted a candle, and as I passed the end of the counter, saw the prisoner concealed under it—he sprang up—I asked him what he was there for—he said he was let in by a party who told him to carry out that bundle which was on the counter—I found it contained eight guns, my brother's property, which were in the window when I left—I asked him if he bad anything else—he said, "Some pen-knives," and put fifteen-out of his pocket, which had been in the desk in the counting-house, which was shut but not locked—every thing in it had been turned over—in about ten minutes I heard a voice outside say, "Are you ready"—I did not go to the door—I sent for a policeman—I saw a skeletal key on the counter, with a piece broken off it—I tried it in the policeman's presence, and it threw back the bolt, but feeling some obstacle in the lock, I took it off and found this piece of the key in it—the property is worth 22l. 6s.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Is the warehouse separate from the shop? A. Yes; but it is under the same roof as the house—I travel sometimes—I was sleeping there that night—no one else was there—the shop was closed at twenty minutes to eight that night, sooner than usual—the prisoner described the person who had let him in, but I could not fix upon any one to suspect—the place was dark—the prisoner may have had a light, but the light from the fan-light would be sufficient—he remained upwards of an hour before the policeman came—I had been in the warehouse all day—I had been out an hour and a half—I left ten minutes before the shop closed, leaving a man there—the door was open then.





CHARLES DENHAM LANGHAM
 (policeman, E 168). I was on my beat, and took the prisoner—I produce two out of eight guns which I found on the counter, also this crowbar, skeleton-keys, and some matches—one of the skeleton-keys opens the door—it was broken before Mr. Murcott tried it—I saw him take this piece from the lock—it fits the broken part of the key—the crowbar bad not been used.

Cross-examined. Q. The door was open when you went? A. No; Mr. Murcott was outside—he opened it with his own key.

Prisoner. The prosecutor said he believed his own man let me in.

MR. MURCOTT
re-examined. I did not say so, I said, "You have given a description of my own man"—he has been eight years in my brother's service—we are certain he is not the man—his name it Waterman—it is his duty to fasten up—he is still in the employ.)
(Richard Freeman, keeper of the Blenheim Hotel, Bond-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

