



1220. 




JOHN HOLLIS



, feloniously assaulting 



Thomas Purver, and cutting and wounding him on the head, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm: 2nd COUNT—With intent to resist and prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS PURVER
 (policeman, M 121). On Sunday, 6th April, I was on duty in Tooley-street. Between five and six o'clock, I saw some persons come out of a beer-shop—two of them, Lynch and Walsh, commenced fighting—I went up to them, and persuaded them to go away, and be quiet—Lynch said, "If you come near me, I will break your b y jaw"—I went towards him, and he struck me a violent blow on the left jaw with his fist, which staggered me—I then took him into custody, when he kicked at my privates, but caught my thigh; 141, Congdon, then came up to my assistance, and I took hold of Lynch on one side of his collar, and Congdon on the other, and tried to get him to the station—the prisoner came up while this was going on, stood in a fighting position, with his right hand clenched and bent towards roe, and said, "Loose him, loose him! will you?"—he then struck me with his fist under the right ear, which staggered me to the ground, and caused me to lose my hold of Lynch—when I got up again, I found the prisoner in Congdon's custody—I went to assist him, and the prisoner struck me several foul blows with his fist in the pit of the stomach—he then took hold of Congdon's staff, and tried to take it from him, but did not succeed; he then tried, several times, to take my staff away—we conveyed him a little further, under the railway-arch, when Congdon received a brick or stone, which struck him in the back of the head, and knocked him senseless on the ground—I still had hold of the prisoner; I was then so disabled in my arms, that I could not hold my staff, and a brick caught me on the left arm from some person, which caused me to release the prisoner—he then took hold of my staff with both his hands, twisted it out of my possession, and hit me several blows with it over the head and neck, which caused my hat to come off—I then said, "Don't hit me over the head"—he said, "You b—r, I will kill you;" and he struck me over the left side of the head, which caused a wound, and knocked me senseless to the ground—I remember no more till I was taken to the hospital.


Prisoner, I was drank, and did not know what I was doing. Witness. He was not drunk.





ROBERT LOCK
 (policeman, A 741). I was in Tooley-street on this Sunday. I saw the prisoner in the custody of the officers—I saw him take Purver's staff from him, and strike him with it over the bare head—he fell to the ground senseless, and was taken to the hospital.





FREDERICK WILLIAM PAVY
. I was house-surgeon at Guy's Hospital on Sunday, 6th April, when Purver was brought in. He was in an insensible state, and bleeding profusely from the head—I found a lacerated scalp-wound on the top of the head, about an inch or an inch and a half long, and nearly to the bone—he was labouring under concussion—I thought him in slight danger while he remained in that state, which was two or three hours—there were also several contusions about the head; he was under my care till the Monday week, and I afterwards saw him, as an out-patient, for a week or ten days—I believe he is quite recovered now—he is still labouring under slight nervous depression.

Prisoner. Q. Was it done with a staff or stone? A. I should certainly think with a staff.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Talfourd.

