



1109. 




ELIZABETH ANN CHAMBERS



, feloniously forging and uttering the acceptance to a bill of exchange for 300l.; with intent to defraud 



Rosa Goodman.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH SUTTON
. I am single, and live at 87, Piccadilly. I have known the prisoner about twelve months; she was residing at 5, Nottingham-terrace—I saw her there several times—I went there by Miss Goodman's request, and asked her whether she was going to remain there after her twelve months were expired—she said it depended on circumstances, and she wished to boy a house and furniture—I said I thought Miss Goodman would sell her that one—in two or three days I received a message from her, and went to her house on 15th Dec.—she told me to secure a hosiery and glove business for her in Piccadilly, which we had spoken of before—I was to offer the owner, Mr. Welbone, 400l. for it—about the latter end of January, I received this bill(produced) from her—I handed it to Rosa Goodman, about 27th or 28th Jan.—Charles Randolph is the acceptor—the prisoner said he was her cousin, and was a clergyman, residing at Andover, and owed her the money on a mortgage—I was to get the bill cashed—she said I should find no difficulty about it, as his name was good—I got it cashed by Rosa Goodman—I got from her 233l. in cash, 45l. being deducted for rent, 5l. for something else, and something for discount—I gave the money to the prisoner.

Prisoner. I did not say Mr. Randolph owed me the money; I said there were money transactions between us. Witness. You said he owed you 700l. on a mortgage, and he sent you these bills, as it was not convenient to pay the money, and that they would be met by Mr. Randolph when they were due—I have had 170l. of you at different times to take the business—I have in part paid it—I am liable for 100l., but I did not have it on this bill—I was to have been partner with you.





ROSA GOODMAN
. I am single, and live at 5, Nottingham-terrace. I rented the prisoner's house, and let it to her for a year—45l. rent was due—I cashed this bill at Sarah Sutton's request—I paid her 233l., deducting 45l. for the rent, and 5l. she owed me.





REV. CHARLES RANDOLPH
. I am rector of Kempton, near Andover, and

a magistrate of the county—the prisoner is my second cousin—the acceptance to the bill is not mine—I never saw the bill, or sent it up to the prisoner, or gave any one authority to accept it.

Prisoner. Q. Did you never pay any bills for me, or give me leave to use your name? A. In 1848 I received a letter from you, and lent you 200l. to save you from trouble—I never authorized you to sign my name, or wrote to you saying if you wanted money you might go to the Bank and get it, and pat my name—I never had any mortgage transactions with yon—the 200l. was repaid—that was the only transaction—(The bill was for 300l.., with interest, drawn by Elizabeth Ann Chambers, and accepted by Charles Randolph.)




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Life.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
