



468. 




EDWARD DAVIS
 was indicted

for feloniously uttering a forged 5l. note, with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH PERKINS
. I am cashier to Messrs. Mitchell and Co., woollen drapers. On the afternoon of 22nd Feb., at half past 2 o'clock, the prisoner came to the shop—I asked him what he wanted; he said some brown Melton for a coat—I showed him some, and cut him off two yards of a blue one that I showed him—he offered me a 5l. note in payment; I asked him to put his name upon it, and he did so—this is the note (produced), and this is what he wrote, "Edward Smith, 29, Earl-street"—I had not change in the house—I went out, but not with the intention of getting it changed; I took the note with me to Mr. Colton's, at the Crown public house, in the Edgware-road—I had my suspicion, and in consequence of what he said, I went to the police station; I gave the note to Dafters, the officer; he returned with me to my master's; the prisoner was still in the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. LOGIE. Q. You left him there, and you found him there when you came back? A. Yes; I am sure this is the note—I hesitated about it at first, because the number, "29, Earl-street" seemed to have been altered—I told the prisoner that I had not got change, that was true—I was away about five minutes.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You say you had your own suspicions? A. Yes; I did not tell the prisoner that.





JOHN DAFTERS
, (policeman, A 346.) On 22nd Feb., Perkins came to the station, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and handed me this note—I returned with him to his employer's shop, and found the prisoner there—"I had the note in my hand; I said, "You have just attempted to pass this note;" he said, "Well, what of that?"—I said, "What is your name, and where do you live?" he said, "Not what I have put upon the note"—I said, "That quite satisfies me there is something wrong about it;" he made no reply—I took him to the station; he was there asked his name and address; he said, "Edward Davis," he said, "I do not wish to give my address."





JANE ALDRIDGE
. In Dec. last, I kept the Russell's Arms public house, Bedford-street, Euston-square. On the afternoon of 21st Dec., about 3 o'clock, the prisoner came to my house, and asked me what the price of brandy was a bottle; I said, 5s.—he desired me to put him up a bottle of pale brandy, and to let it be very good—he gave me a 5l. note in payment and I gave him four sovereigns and a half in gold, and 5s. in silver in change—I requested him to write his name and address on the note, and handed him pen and ink to do it—this is the note (produced)—he wrote on it, "Edward Davis, Johnson-street"—he told me to put the brandy up in paper ready, and he would call for it in a short time; he went away with the change, but never returned for the brandy—I am quite certain this the note; my name is written upon it—my niece took it to Mr. Hooker, the butcher, to be changed; he brought it back to me immediately; I kept it till the policeman came, and then gave it to him.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the man before? A. Yes; his

face was familiar to me—I knew his face at once; I have served him in house; I did not know his name—he was there five or ten minutes inquiring the price of different articles—I thought the note was a good one.





MARGARET FORD
. I am the niece of the last witness. On 21st Dec., I went for her to get change of a 5l. note; I took it to Mr. Hooker, the butcher, in Seymour-street, and got it changed—the name of Edward Davis was on the note when I took it there—this is the note.

Cross-examined. Q. The butcher thought it was a good one, and gave you change? A. Yes; he gave me 5l.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did you see the note again? A. When Mr. Hooker brought it back again that same day—he gave it to my aunt, and she gave it to Abrahams, the officer.





WILLIAM LUND
. I am shopman to Mr. James Lancaster, woollen draper, of 12, High Holborn. On 16th Feb., the prisoner came to the shop, and bought two yards and a quarter of black doe skin, at 5s. 9d. per yard; he paid for it with a 5l. note—I called "Cash;" and Mr. Smart, the cashier, came and took the note—the prisoner took it from his breast coat pocket—I could not swear that this (produced) is the note—I saw the prisoner write a same upon it; this is the name and address he wrote, "Edward Davis, 14, Johnson-street"





CHARLES WAKE SMART
. I am clerk and shopman to Mr. Lancaster, and also act as cashier. On the evening of 16th Feb. I saw the prisoner there—I did not see him come in; I saw him speaking to Lund, who served him—he packed up the parcel, and called out "Cash"—I went forward, examined the bill, and took this 5l. note—I asked the prisoner to put his name and address upon it, and he wrote "Edward Davis, 14, Johnson-street," in my presence—I gave him change, 4l. in gold, 7s. in silver and copper—before he wrote his name on the note I looked a it, and said, "There is no name on this"—he said, "No, I took it from a customer of mine, who I know very well," and he was satisfied with that himself, and then I asked him to put his name—this is the note—he took the parcel and change with him.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose a good deal of money passes through your hands? A. Yes—I thought this was a good note, or I should not have taken it.





JAMES ABRAHAMS
 (policeman, S 296). On 20th Feb. last I went to No. 14, Johnson-street, Seymour-street—I have been to about twenty different Johnson-streets and Johnson-places and courts, trying to find the prisoner, and have not found any person of that name at any of them.

Cross-examined. Q. At none that you went to? A. I went to a great many—I was engaged on purpose, from last Dec.—as far as I know I have been to all the Johnson-streets in London—I was occupied for four days in Dec. last, in trying to trace the prisoner's address, and for three days in Feb.—I did not take the prisoner into custody—these two notes were given to me, one in Dec., and the other in Feb.





WILLIAM WYBURD
. I have looked at these three notes; they are forgeries, and all three from the same plate.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

