



292. 




GEORGE PENTON



, breaking and entering the counting house of the 

London and South Western Railway Company, and stealing a time-piece value 3l., and 15s.; their property.



MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES DERMOTT
. I am station master, at the Ashford station of the London and South Western Railway—Ashford is near Staines; I do not know what parish it is in. On Saturday night, 7th Aug. last, I locked up the station at twenty minutes to 11 o'clock; the windows were then safe—I left the clock and money all safe—next morning, about twenty minutes to 8 o'clock, I sent my son to the station—he returned and gave me some information, in consequence of which I went immediately and found that the office window had been broken open—I went in, and missed the time-piece—my ticket desk, till, and writing desk had been broken open, and I missed 14s. in silver and copper, and 1s. in copper from a bowl, all the property of the Company—I know the prisoner; he is a carpenter—about that time he was in the habit of riding by the train about twice a week from Ashford to Staines—he worked at Mr. Richardson's, a builder, at Staines.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. What is the distance between Ashford and Staines by the railway? A. About a mile and a quarter.





THOMAS DERMOTT
. On the morning of 8th Aug. I went to the station, and found the window had been broken—I went to my father immediately, and he came and looked—the clock was gone.





THOMAS BENT
 (policeman, A 39). I went to this station on 8th Aug., and found the window had been broken big enough to admit a hand to undo the window—I found a box had been forced open with a small chisel, also the ticket case and two chests.





THOMAS RICKETTS
. I am a coach smith, at Staines; I know the prisoner. About the end of Oct. I purchased a clock of him—I gave him goods and money, amounting to 3l., for it; I gave him a portable forge, a pair of bellows and anvil, and 15s.—there was only one key with it, which opened the dial—there was no key to wind it up—the prisoner said the key was with it when he had it, but another party had had it on trial before me, and they had lost the key—he said he got it from a man who kept a beer shop at Hampton, or Twickenham, or Kingston, whom he had been doing some work for; he did not mention any name—he hung it up in my shop himself—about five weeks afterwards the prisoner came again, and wanted to purchase the clock back again; he said he had bought it, but it was not right, and he had heard some bother about it—I said I had got the article, and I ought to know what the bother was, and I did not want to sell it—he then asked me to cover it over—I said I would not—he then asked me to take it up stairs, and I did not answer him—I did take it upstairs, and afterwards brought it down again and put it in the same place it had been before—on Saturday night I saw it safe at 6 or 7 o'clock, and when I came home at twenty minutes to 12 o'clock I missed it—this (produced) is it.

Cross-examined. Q. Why did you refuse to cover it over? A. I did not think I had any right to cover it over; I had bought it fairly—I did take it up stairs to my bedroom for a fortnight—that was at the prisoner's wish—it could be seen from the street where he placed it—I had known him for years, and knew where he lived.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When you took it up stairs, was it to conceal it and wait and see if he purchased it? A. He said if I would take it up stairs he would bring me the 3l.; he did not bring it, and I brought the clock down again—it was up stairs two or three days more than a fortnight.





MARY ANN RICKETTS
. I am the wife of the last witness. On 8th Jan. I went to bed about 10 minutes past 11 o'clock—the clock was then safe hanging on the wall—when I had been in bed a quarter of an hour, I heard

some one come in; I thought it was my nephew, and called out to him not to lock the door—about ten minutes after that my husband came in, and the clock was missed.





JOHN THOMAS WALKER
. I am a watch and clock manufacturer, at Princessquare; we supply clocks to the South Western Railway Company, and go down the line every week and repair the clocks. The pin that holds the hands on of this clock produced is broken on the inside—I remember seeing a clock of a similar appearance at the Ashford station—this clock cost 5l.; it is now worth 3l. or 3l. 10l.

Cross-examined. Q. The pin being broken is not an uncommon accident? A. It is very uncommon; I was at Ashford myself, doing the clock, and it broke off; if it had been done at our shop it would not have been left so—we supply the whole of the South Western line with clocks—there are a great many stations along the line, all having the same sort of clocks—we supply other railways also—the accident to the pin is not the only thing that confines my attention to this being the clock of the Ashford station; it also has very small eyelet holes (pointing them out)—they were complained of, and we never employed the same casemaker, except for that, the Windsor line—we have supplied about fifty clocks altogether, I should think, to the South Western Railway, and we have supplied several other railways to the whole extent of their lines.

MR. BALLIANTINE. Q. You have no doubt about this clock being your manufacture? A. No doubt whatever, and I have no doubt it was the clock supplied to the Ashford station.





GEORGE HUTCHINGS
 (policeman, T 141). On Saturday night, 8th Jan., shout half past 11 o'clock, I was on duty in High-street, Staines—(MR. GIFFARD
objected to this witness's, evidence being received, the stealing of the clock from Ricketts' being the subject of a distinct charge. The
COURT
considered that any dealing with the stolen property would be evidence)—I heard some one coming in a direction from Mr. Ricketts'; he crossed over at about ten yards before he came to me—it was the prisoner—he had something on his head, covered up—he went to the Post-office window, and was rapping there—I said to him, "I dare say they are gone to bed; I cannot see any light"—I gave information to Leigh.





WALTER ROBERT LEIGH
 (policeman, T 7). On Saturday night, 8th Jan., I received information; in consequence of which, I went to the prisoner's house—I searched the lower part, and about a yard and a half up the chimney I found this clock, wrapped up in a piece of sack—I then went up stairs, and apprehended the prisoner, who was in bed—on the following day I took the clock to the Ashford station, and Mr. Dermott identified it—on the Monday I made a search at the prisoner's house, and found this screwdriver (produced)—I had previously examined the desk with the marks on it at the Ashford station—I have cut them out, and brought them here (produced)—in my opinion, these impressions were made by this screwdriver—it is an unusual sort of screwdriver, rounded off at the corners.





JAMES DERMOTT

re-examined. There was a key to the clock, which always remained in it, to open the glass with—the key to wind it up with was behind my ticket desk; that was not taken away—this is it (producing it).





THOMAS RICKETTS

re-examined. It was the winding up key that was missing when I bought the clock.





JOHN THOMAS WALKER

re-examined. This key fits this clock.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose that key would wind any other clock the

same size? A. Yes; it would wind the common run of clocks—I should think it would wind all the South Western clocks.

COURT
to
WALTER ROBERT LEIGH. Q. In what parish is this station? A. In the parish of Ashford—I am a constable of the adjoining parish, and know the boundaries well.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
