





107. 




GEORGE CURTIS



, stealing 28 yards of bed-furniture, 1 umbrella, 4 yards of alpaca and a variety of articles, of 



William Burdett, his master: and 





ELLEN CURTIS
 and 



SARAH PEACOCK



, feloniously receiving the same; George Curtis having been before convicted: to which GEORGE CURTIS pleaded .



GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MR. PAINELL
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman, K 28). On the evening of 24th Nov. I took the male prisoner in custody, and took a parcel and deal box from him, which I took to 22, Stacey-street, Stepney, I believe that is where he lives—I found Ellen Curtis there, and Peacock and her husband—I afterwards found that Peacock lived at 110, Brunswick-street, Hackney-road—when I took the box to 22, Stacey-street—I said, "I have brought it from Mr. Curtis"—I was in plain clothes—one of the females, I do not know which, said, "Come in"—I went in—I had given Mr. Burdett information the day before, and he was in the neighbourhood—after I had got into the room, Mr. Burdett knocked at the door, and I then told them I was a policeman, and I had taken Curtis to the station—there were two rooms, I searched them and found all these articles in one room or the other—I found seventeen pieces of silk, varying from eleven to eighteen yards each; a piece of terry velvet; one piece of bed-furniture; four pieces of cloth; one piece of merino; one umbrella; two for riding boas; four pieces of glazed lining; three pieces of black holland; three pieces of alpaca; five silk-handkerchiefs; thirteen lengths of ribbon; four cotton shirts; three lengths of towelling; one pair of braces; two neck-ties; one piece of wool plaid; one pair of cotton drawers; two pieces of silk velvet; one toilet-cover; three pieces of lace; four towels; five pairs of socks; three lengths of muslin; ten collars; one pair of stockings; three pairs of gloves; three nightcaps; one piece of flannel; two lengths of linen, and a quantity of tapes, pins, needles, buttons, and cottons—I also found forty-four duplicates—I did not take them in custody then, but on 26th, when Peacock gave the address, 110, Brunswick-street, as her lodging, I went there and found a duplicate for four pair, of hose, pledged at Mr. Folkard's, on 22nd Nov., for 2s., in the name of Ann Curtis.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you ask Mrs. Peacock for her address? A. She was asked, when she was charged at the station.





JAMES YOUNG
. I am assistant to Messrs. Folkard's, pawnbrokers, of Upton-place, Commercial-road. I produce a piece of calico, pledged on 16th Oct. in the name of Ann Curtis, I do not know who by—I also produce a piece of silk, pledged on 23rd Oct. for 1l., in the name of Curtis, I do not know who by—I produce a piece of cotton, pledged on 1st Nov. for 1s. 6d., in the name of Ann Curtis—I believe that was pledged by one of the female prisoners—I produce four pairs of hose, pledged on 22nd Nov.—they were brought by both the females—I cannot say to whom I gave the money.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Are the greater number of pledges in the name of Ann Curtis? A. All; the 22nd Nov. is the only occasion on

which I can distinctly recollect seeing the prisoners—it is not unusual for people to pledge in another person's name.

MR. PARNELL. Q. Are those the tickets (pointed out by Smith) you gave on the different occasions? A. Yes.





GEORGE HENRY PAULIN
. I am in the employ of Desper and Corner, pawnbrokers, of the Commercial-road. I produce some cambric handkerchiefs, pledged as lawn, on 16th Oct. for 1s. by the female prisoners in the name of Ann Curtis—I also produce a piece of calico, pledged for 1s. on 24th Oct. by the two prisoners, also four pairs of hose on 29th Oct. for 1s. 6d. in the name of Ann Curtis, I cannot say who by; also, a toilet-cover, pledged on 31st Oct. for 1s. 9d. by the two females in the name of Ann Curtis, a gown-piece on 6th Nov. for 1s. 6d. by the two prisoners in the name of Ann Curtis, a piece of diaper by the prisoners in the same name for 2s., a table-cover on 15th Nov. for 1s. by the two prisoners in the same name, a piece of calico on 24th Nov. for 1s. 6d. by Peacock alone in the name of Ann Curtis—one of them, I cannot say which, said her husband was a linendraper, and she had these articles at cost price, and she was to do the best she could with them—the things were all quite new—I am sure that Peacock came alone on 24th, because I had given information before, and took particular notice—I kept her at the shop and sent to the station—it was in consequence of the answer I received that I took in the pledge and let her go.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Have you a distinct recollection of the two females coming? A. Yes; and on one occasion Peacock came alone, and gave the name of Ann Curtis.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do you mean to swear she gave the name of Ann Curtis? A. Yes.

COURT. Q. Were they together when that account was given of the husband being a linendraper? A. Yes; I know now that Curtis's husband is a draper's assistant—she said her husband was living at a wholesale house, and he had the things at cost price, and she was to do the best she could with them.

MR. PARNELL. Q. Would the cost price be more or less than what you advanced? A. Considerably more; I should have advanced much more if I had been asked for it—it was that which made me suspect.





WILLIAM DEAN
. I am in the service of Mr. Asbridge, pawnbroker, of Mile-end-road. I produce a table-cover, pledged in the name of Ann Curtis on 24th Nov. for 1s. by one of the females, I cannot say which—they were in the habit of coming together.





WILLIAM SMITH

re-examined. I do not find a corresponding duplicate to this of 24th Nov. among the forty-four I found, or for the calico on 24th Oct.—I find one for the four pairs of hose on 29th Oct., a gown-piece on 6th Nov., the diaper on 7th Nov., the toilet-cover on 31st Oct., and also one for the lawn.





WILLIAM BURDETT
. I am a draper, and carry on business at York-terrace, Commercial-road. The male prisoner has been in my service two months—he did not sleep in the house, but went home every evening—I watched him on the evening of 22nd, and in consequence communicated with sergeant Smith—I was with Smith when this property was found—I believe the greater portion of it to be my property; several of the articles have my mark on them, this black silk has my mark, and all the articles are similar to what I find deficient in my stock—I am quite sure these cambric handkerchiefs produced by the pawnbroker are mine; they have my mark, and also the diaper—I

have a piece of table-cover corresponding to this found in the house—the male prisoner had access to all these articles.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Is yours a wholesale house? A. No; I never sell wholesale—it is not a very large retail house—I keep about twenty hands.

COURT
to
GEORGE HENRY PAULIN. Q. What was the statement the female made? A. That her husband lived at a wholesale linendraper's ware-house, and had the goods at cost-price, and she was to do the best she could with them—I do not recollect that she used the word "assistant."

ELLEN CURTIS—



GUILTY. Aged 22.—Recommended to mercy by the



Prosecutor.—



Confined Three Months.


PEACOCK—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoners, to which George Curtis pleaded Guilty, and
MR. PARNELL
offered no evidence against the others.)
