



755. 




EMMA PAYNE



, robbery (with two other persons unknown) on 



George Webb, stealing from his person 1 watch, value 4l.; his property.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE WEBB
. I am a labourer of 3, Little George-street, Bermondsey. On Wednesday night 9th June, about half past 11 o'clock, I went down a turning in Holland-street, Blackfriars, for a particular purpose—while I was there the prisoner came up behind me and put her arms round my waist—I had a silver watch in my waistcoat pocket attached to a Ald guard, which was round my neck—I called out, "Police"—the prisoner said "I have

nothing of yours, what are you calling about?" on which two men came up; they seemed to come from the end of the turning—the first man that came up said something about leaving her alone, and struck me over the hand with something very heavy—the prisoner had my watch in her hand then, and I had hold of her hand—it was a violent blow; it made me leave go, and she took the watch off the guard, and handed it to the man that struck me—the other man then struck me two blows, with something heavy, over trie head, which made two wounds—I dropped down and the men ran away, one of them having my which—the prisoner endeavoured to run, but I clung to her clothes till a policeman came, and gave her in charge—this was about five minutes taking place, during the whole of which time I never lost south of her—I am sure she is the woman—I was quite sober—my watch was worth 4l.—I have not been able to work since—I am obliged to keep my hand in a sling, as the bone is injured, and I suffer with my head very much at times, which I never did before.

Cross-examined by
MR. TREVETHAN SPICER. Q. What time was this in the evening? A. About half past 11 o'clock—I was going home—I had been to Fetter-lane, at the White Horse Cellar—I had been there about a couple of hours—I only had a glass of beer there—the prisoner took me quite by surprise—I had not entered into conversation with her—the blows did not take away my senses; I was perfectly sensible the whole time—I recognize her by her features—it was a fine night—the street was very open, and I never lost sight of her.





SAMUEL WYMAN
 (policeman, L 194). About 12 o'clock on this Wednesday night, I heard a cry of "Police!" in Holland-street—I went up, and saw Webb holding the prisoner—he said, "I give this woman in charge for stealing my watch"—he was bleeding very much—I asked what she had done with the watch—she said she had not got it, and had never seen it—I took her to the station—she was perfectly sober, and so was the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure of that? A. Yes; he did not appear to have been drinking at all.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

