



1436. 




WILLIAM KEMP



, stealing 25 sovereigns, 9 half-sovereigns, 9 half-crowns, 2 florins, 8 shillings, 16 sixpences, 4 groats, 15 pence, 73 half-pence, and 16 farthings; the moneys of 



Mary Sockett, his mistress.






MARY SOCKETT
. I am single. I am a dairywoman, and live at Hackney—I am mistress of the house I sleep in—the prisoner was in my service five months—he sleeps in the house—I have a maid-servant, who sleeps with me—about eleven o'clock, on the night of 18th July, I fastened up the front door—the prisoner fastened up the back-door, and as far as I know he went to bed—I afterwards tried it, it was fast—before that I counted some money in a cupboard in my back room—there was 29l. 10s. in sovereigns, and 1l. 19s. in silver, two 2s. -coins, and some halfpence—the gold was in a blue purse in my work-box—I then put my work-box in the cupboard, locked the cupboard, and took the key in my bedroom with me—there were no persons in the house but me, and the maid, and the prisoner—at a little before five in the morning I heard the prisoner go down—he afterwards came to my bedroom door and said the back door was open—I said, "It cannot be so, did not you fasten it last night?"—he said yes, he would take his oath he did—I said, "And I tried it after you"—I then heard him go back to his room—I and my maid got up—my maid went down at half-past five, and I went down about a quarter of an hour afterwards—I then called the prisoner, who was in his bedroom—I then went to my cupboard to give change, and found the money was gone, with the exception of a half-sovereign, a sixpence, and some halfpence—I sent for a policeman, and for the inspector, who examined the premises—while the inspector was there the prisoner came back—he had gone to a house that he went to every morning—the inspector called him to the back door and asked him some questions—the prisoner said he was quite positive, he had fastened the door the night before—the inspector told him there was no mark of violence; the robbery had been committed by some person in-doors—the prisoner said did he think he would rob his mistress—I gave the prisoner in charge—I went with the officer, and found some money under a flag-stone in a closet in the kitchen, which the prisoner had for his accommodation—a sovereign and some silver was found on the prisoner—his wages were 12s. a week—I paid him every Saturday—I bad paid him the Saturday before—amongst the money that was found there were two 2s. coins—I know I had such—the prisoner knew where I kept my money.





JAMES COWARD
 (police-inspector). Between six and seven o'clock in the morning of 19th July I went to Mrs. Sockett's house—she took me to a cupboard in the back-parlour and showed me a work-box—the lock of it had been pushed back by a knife—I examined the back-door—there was no mark of violence outside or inside—the prisoner came in while I was there—I took him to the back-door, shut, bolted, and locked it, and asked him if that was the way he fastened it last night—he said he could swear it—I then fastened an inner door, leading from the washhouse to the passage, in a similar way—I asked him if he fastened that in the same way—he said he

did—I then told him I was certain some person in the house had effected the robbery—he said nothing to that, and was given into custody—I went to the kitchen, to a cupboard—I noticed that a flag-stone had been loosened—I took it up, scooped out the mould, and found four half-crowns, ten shillings, some 4d. -pieces, twenty-four sovereigns, and other gold, and two florins—I then searched the prisoner, and found on him a sovereign, some silver, and 1s. 3d. in copper—he said, "That belongs to me"—the prosecutrix's house is in the parish of St. John, Hackney.

Prisoner's Defence. I have been in the prosecutrix's service as milkcarrier for seven months, and always accounted satisfactorily for all money received—I never had the least idea of robbing her—a female servant was in the employ, who not agreeing with me at all times, I leave it to you to consider whether I might not have been made the object of her revenge.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

