



644. 




BARTHOLOMEW COTTER



, stealing 1 purse, value 10s., and 27s.; the property of 



James Stirling, from his person.


MR. LILLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES STIRLING
. I am a retired captain in the army, but am now agent for Gordon and Co., wine merchants, in Dublin; I lodge in George-street, Old Kent-road. On 12th April I was in the main road, which I consider High-street, Deptford—I met a man named Murphy, and had some conversation with him—I had never seen him before, but he was a poor-looking wretch, and I thought I would give him a meal—in consequence of that I went to a butcher's shop and purchased a beef steak; I went to the Star and Garter beer shop to have it cooked—after I had finished it, and sat a little time, the prisoner came into the room; I am not sure whether he came in before I finished my steak or afterwards—Murphy addressed him, and had some conversation with him—after I had finished my steak, the prisoner and I had some conversation—I gave him some refreshment, some bread and meat

—when the landlady came in I took my parse from my left waistcoat pocket and paid her—she gave me some change, and I then put my purse in my left waistcoat pocket—the prisoner, who was standing near the fire, immediately sidled up to me—I think I paid about 1s. 6d.—I gave her 2s., and I had in change 4d. in silver and 2d. in copper—I put the 4d.-piece in my purse, and put my purse into my pocket—the prisoner was in the room when I took my purse out—it was a crimson velvet purse, with a brass clasp, which had worn very bright—after I had paid the landlady I had a sovereign in my purse and some silver, I am not exactly clear how much—after I had paid, and placed the purse in my pocket, the prisoner, who had been leaning against the mantelpiece, came close up to me, and sat down on my left bane, close to me—that was the side on which the purse was—there was a little con venation between us, I do not recollect the substance of it; and he very shortly after that left the room—I do not recollect any particular remark that he made before he left—Murphy shortly followed him—I then put my hand into my left waistcoat pocket, and found my purse was gone—that could not have been above a couple of minutes after Cotter was gone—it was a very short time—I exclaimed, "I have been robbed!"—I got up, went out of the house, and got a policeman—I went down the street, and fell in with Murphy; I gave him in charge, and immediately after I met the prisoner and gave him in charge, as the person who picked my pocket—between the time of my putting my purse in my pocket and missing it, no one had been near me but the prisoner, with the exception of Murphy, who was on my right band—I had been walking about all day, and had had a glass or two of ale—I was a little excited; I had walked about a great deal

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Was it by walking about you got excited? A. It had a great effect; it was a warm day, there was a good deal of sun—that is my impression of the 12th April—I had visited two or three customers for our house—I had bad I think two glasses of ale all day—to the best of my recollection, I had only two glasses—I do not know the names of the public houses, I did not put them down in my book—I met Murphy, and he took me to a butcher's shop—I must have drawn out my purse to pay for the steak—I dare say I was in company with Murphy at the Star and Garter about an hour altogether.

Q. Do you mean to say, that when you went in with this ragged fellow that you describe, and was in his company, that you were nothing the worse for liquor? A. I mean to say I was a little excited, but with regard to sobriety, perfectly sober for all purposes of business—I was not soliciting Murphy for orders for the wine house—I had a glass or two of ale at the Star and Garter—I gave Murphy a pot of ale—I did not drink out of his pot—I cannot positively state how much ale I took there; I do not think it was more than two glasses—I had nothing besides ale with the beef steak—Murphy sat at the same table with me—he was at the end of the table, below the salt—I had nothing but malt liquor—I believe there were one or two other persons in the room, but I did not notice them; I was sitting in a corner—I do not recollect that there was any woman there, with the exception of the woman who cooked the steak, who I afterwards learned was the landlady—Murphy did not carry the steak for me—he ate some—I noticed the prisoner in the room before I had finished my steak—I handed him over some—he did not sit at the table, he ate it standing—he took ale out of the pot which I bad given to Murphy—I did not invite him, Murphy handed him the pot of ale—I did not help myself to ale out of their pot after they had drank; I had my ale in a glass—I really forget whether the landlady brought my ale in a glass,

or whether I had it from the pot—I did not have more ala besides the pot for these men—I think I must have bad a glass or two more—I think I recollect the landlady bringing me in a glass of ale or two—I was so very much fagged with severe travelling, that I cannot take upon myself to say whether 1 had one or two glasses—I bad a pot of ale; I am not exactly sure whether I helped myself out of the pot or not—the prisoner went out—I did not particularly notice whether he had finished the meat before ha went—I had given him ale, and meat, and bread, before I had paid, the landlady—Murphy was sitting on my right, at the end of the table—no one else sat at the table while I was there—Murphy remained sitting at the table for a vary short time after the prisoner left, and I remained after Murphy bad left for a short time—I did not look under the table to see if my purse was there—I was leaning over the table all the while, with my waistcoat hanging over the table—I did not look about the room at all for the purse—the landlady did not look under the table in my presence, to my knowledge—after I gave Murphy in charge, I came back on my way, but I did not go into the Star and Garter again, to the best of my recollection—I think I may say I am sure I did not—it could not have been more than 200 yards from the Star and Garter that I and the policeman met Murphy—Murphy was ten or twelve, or fifteen yards behind the prisoner; he was walking after the prisoner—I had not seen the prisoner when I gave Murphy in charge—I came up with Murphy first—I gave Murphy in charge to 178 R, who is here—Murphy was not taken to the Star and Garter—I had gone about twelve yards after I gave Murphy in charge, when I met with the prisoner—to the beat of my recollection he was taken hold of by the policeman—he was in custody of a policeman when I saw him—that was the first I saw of him—I do not believe that policeman is here—when I went up I found him in custody of a policeman—there ware other people about—Murphy was discharged by the Magistrate at the police court—I went down with the prisoner and Murphy to the station—I believe they were both searched there—I heard the inspector say they were—I gave the charge, aid was at the police station for some time—they were searched long before I left.

MR. LILLEY. Q. Was the floor of this room carpeted or sanded t A. Sanded, I imagine—if my purse had fallen from my waistcoat pocket to the ground, I should have heard it, certainly—I was leaning over the table—I will pledge myself that I was sober, to all intenta and purposes, as I am now—I had been eighteen years in India, and have suffered much from liver complaints—a little excites me.





MARY ANN WILCOX
. I am the wife of Thomas Wilcox, who keeps the Star and Garter, in the Broadway, at Deptford. I remember the last witness coming to our house on 12th April—I saw Murphy there, and the prisoner came in some time after—I cooked the steak for Murphy and the gentleman—Cotter came in the room when I had cooked the steak" and another man with him—the gentleman and Murphy sat behind the door, and Cotter and another man came and stood in the room—Murphy called fox a pot of beer, and I put it on the table—the gentleman asked him to have some bread and meat—he said no, he did not want any—I went out of the room and came in again, and he was eating the bread and meat, standing near the window, not near the gentleman—I saw him afterwards—he stood by the fireplace—I went and-cleared the table, and left the room for a short time—I came back, and Cotter said, "Here is the landlady, you had better pay the reckoning"—the gentleman asked what was to pay—I said 1s. 6d.—he took a purse from his left-hand waistcoat pocket, and gave me 2s.—Cotter then drew near to the gentleman—I went to the bar, and came back and gave the gentleman a 4d.-piece

and 2d.—the gentleman put the 4d.-piece in his purse—he clasped his purse, and put it in his pocket—Cotter was sitting close by the side of the gentleman—I went to the bar, and in two or three minutes Cotter came past—he said, "I am going to light my pipe"—there was a fire in the room from which he came—he went out, and the other two followed him—shortly afterwards the gentleman came and said, "They have got my purse. "

Cross-examined. Q. What was the 1s. 6d. for? A. The gentleman had a pot of beer when he first came in—while they were having the steak they had a pot of ale, and 6d. was for the trouble of cooking the steak, and the bread—I took in the pot of beer in a pot, and the pot of ale in a pot—I put the beer to him—I am not used to give glasses with beer—Murphy said, "Perhaps the gentleman would like ale;" he said, "Yes, bring a pot of ale"—I took it in, and glasses—Murphy and the gentleman had been in long enough for me to cook the steak when Cotter came in—they were sitting behind the door, side by side—not close to each other—after the gentleman had had his refreshment be moved more round from Murphy towards the fire—they had had the beer before Cotter came in—the beer was not all gone when he came—Murphy gave the pot to Cotter to drink—the gentleman took some of it—I cannot say whether he took any of the ale—the room is not a very large one—I did not search the room after he had left the house—I did not search round the table, or look at all for the purse—I did not go for the policeman—I called my husband, he ran out, and called the policeman—the policeman did not go into the tap room—the gentleman went out immediately—I went in the tap room, but they were all gone—I did not see the policeman again that evening at the Star and Garter—I did not see the policeman after they were at the station—I did not go to the station—the gentleman came back to our house, and went in the parlour to Mr. Wilcox, but did not stop—I was not speaking to him the second time—I think he came in after he left the station house, to the best of my recollection.

MR. LILLETY
Q. How many tables have you in your tap room? A. Three; I do not know the width of them—if 1 were walking in the room I could see underneath them—I am sure that the other man who came in with Cotter went into the room where the gentleman was—when Cotter went through the bar, and said, "I am going to light my pipe," the others followed after him—I sweep the room out sometimes, and sometimes my daughter.





ANN HILL
. I am the wife of Samuel Hill, and live in New Town, Deptford. On the afternoon of 12th April, 1 was keeping a stall in Broadway, Deptford; about 5 o'clock, I saw the prisoner pass with a bright clasp purse in his left hand—the policeman was walking aside him as he went along—it was light, and I certainly saw the purse—I said, "There looks a good bit in it;" and one said, "If it be gold, it will do. "

Cross-examined. Q. The man was in custody of the policeman? A. He was walking with one, but he was not in custody, with a policeman behind him—the policeman who was walking by the side of him had not got hold of him—they were walking separately, be had not hold of bin)—I should say the policeman behind was a dozen yards behind him—that was the policeman who is here who has got the charge—he was a little distance behind him—I do not know the name of the man that was walking by the side of him—he lives in Charles-street—I did not see him at the police office—I did not leave my stall—I was close to him nearly when he was taken, he brought him down past my stall—I saw the purse with a bright clasp in his hand—I heard that a purse was lost, and I told the gentleman it was a bright clasp—I heard from the people in the street, that a man was robbed of a bright clasp

purse—I saw the policeman, and spoke to him that day, a little after 5 o'clock; that was after the man was taken to the station—I do not think there was any one present when he spoke to me—he asked me if I had seen the purse in his hand, and I said "Yes; it was a bright clasp purse"—that was the first person that asked me about it, and that was the first person I told it to—I could see it plainly in his hand—there were not many persons there then—only the mob following him—I saw the policeman again before the Magistrate—I do not know how many times I have seen and spoken to him since—it might have been four or five times—I cannot tell.

MR. LILLEY. Q. You say one policeman was walking on the side of the prisoner; was the purse on the same side as the policeman was? A. No; the policeman was on his right hand, and the purse in his left—I have seen the policeman since, be has not told me what I was to say.





EDWIN MOTT
 (policeman, R 278). I am stationed at Deptford—on 12th April I was near the Star and Garter, on duty—it is a part of my beat—I saw the prisoner and another man run by, and heard a cry of "Police!"—I saw the prisoner stopped by Clayton a policeman, who is not here—I left the prisoner with that constable, and I went to find the prosecutor, to see what was the matter—the prosecutor came up and gave them both in charge for robbing him of his purse—when the constable was taking the prisoner to the station, I was a few yards behind, and I saw the purse in the prisoner's hand—I was with the other prisoner—I ran forwards to get the purse—he passed round the corner; I lost sight of him for a moment, and when I got to him the purse was gone—there were several persons standing at the corner—I told the prisoner he was charged with robbing a gentleman of his purse; he said he had not got it—I told him I saw it in his hand—he said, "Where was it? "if I saw it in his hand he had not got it.

Cross-examined, Q. Where is Clayton, who had this man in custody? A. He is at Greenwich, he is stationed there—he and I took the prisoner together to the Greenwich station—I had Murphy in custody—we were taking them both together—Murphy was stopped first by another constable—I do not know his name—I was not with the prosecutor when Murphy was stopped—the prosecutor was in the Star and Garter when he was stopped—I know that the prosecutor was in the public house, because I went there and found him—he never came out of the public house till both the prisoners were stopped.

COURT. Q. Did you go back and find the prosecutor in the public house I A. Yes; that was not the first time I saw him—I saw him about half an hour before go into the public house, and Murphy went in with him—the landlord gave me information about this robbery, and I heard the cry of, "Stop thief!"

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. How far was it from the public house that you or the other officer stopped Murphy? A. About twenty yards; Murphy was stopped by another officer, and Gay ton stopped the prisoner—we brought them to the corner of the street, about a dozen yards from the public house—I left the two men in charge with two constables, and I went and brought out the prosecutor—then I proceeded to the station, Clayton having this prisoner, and I having Murphy—it was, perhaps, about fifty yards from the public house that I saw the purse in the prisoner's hand—we were then taking them from the public house to the Greenwich station—I was leading Murphy on one side, and another constable on the other side—Clayton was on the right side of the prisoner, and I saw the purse in the prisoner's band—there is no rule about which side of a prisoner we should walk—Clayton was leading the

prisoner by his right arm—I know Mrs. Hill—it was perhaps about a yard from her stall that I saw the purse in the prisoner's left hand, just as he was passing the stall, and that was about fifty yards from the place where we took him up—he had gone about half a dozen yards from the woman's stall when I missed the purse from his left hand—I was about half a dozen yards behind him when I first saw the purse in his hand—I saw Mrs. Hill again that same evening—I heard her say that she saw the purse in the prisoner's hand—I do not remember asking her if she saw the purse in his hand—I do not think I asked her—I cannot swear I did not—she spoke to me first, I am sure of that—she called to me as I was passing her stall—she asked me what the charge was, what the man was taken up for—the first thing she said was, that she saw a purse in his hand—she asked me whether he had robbed the gentleman of a purse, and I told her he had—I see her sometimes every day—I have not spoken to her at all on this subject, except on that occasion—she has not mentioned to me much about the case—I cannot tell whether she and I have been speaking about it more than four times—Clayton is not here, because he gave up the prisoner to me—suppose a prisoner were given to a police constable, and he knows the charge, I should say it would be the duty of the constable while he had custody of him to watch him—I did not know the prisoner was charged with stealing a purse till I saw the prosecutor.

COURT. Q. When did you see the purse in the prisoner's hand? A. After I had been in the public house, as we were taking him to the station.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You knew the charge, and was about six yards from the prisoner when you saw the purse; did you call out to Clayton that he had got the purse? A. No; just as he turned the corner I went and asked him for the purse.

MR. LILLEY. Q. What corner was this? A. The corner of the Broad way, leading to Deptford-bridge—I had some conversation with Hill—I cannot at all pledge my memory as to how many times I have talked with her on this subject—when I first saw the prisoners they were running—I joined in the pursuit—Murphy was stopped by one constable—I ran after them and saw him stopped—the time I was running was not the time I saw the purse in the prisoner's hand—it was after we had got the prisoner, and were taking him to the station—it might be two or three minutes after he had been stopped, that I went back to the Star and Garter—that may be fifty or sixty yards from the corner turning round to Deptford-bridge—I found the prosecutor in the tap room—there was no one with him—I had seen him half an hour before—the prisoner was searched—there was nothing found on him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years


