



686. 




GEORGE WALLIS



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Elizabeth Wallis, on her left arm, with intent to maim and disable her.—2nd COUNT. To do her grievous bodily harm.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
SLEIGH
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH WALLIS
. The prisoner is my husband—I resided with him at No. 5, Pickton-street, Camberwell. On Friday evening, 4th June, between 6 and 7 o'clock, he came home drunk and threatened my life—I do not know what made him angry with me, I never gave him any provocation—he had frequently threatened me before—I had not given him any provocation upon

those occasions—in consequence of his violent conduct on this evening I left the house—I left Maria Higgs there, who had heen with me all day helping me in my work—I went to No. 1, a neighbour's house, and staid there more than an hour—in consequence of a message which I received I went back to my own house about 9—I found my husband in the front room up stairs—I said to him, "I hope you will go to bed quiet"—he said, "I think I had better, or I shall go to Horsemonger-lane"—he then said, "I don't mind going there, as long as I don't go for murder"—I was making the bed at this time—his words became very violent, and threatening; he said he would have my life, and have my heart out, and I ran down stairs and he after me—I did not see anything in his hand—he overtook me in the front room down stairs—there was a light on the table there, but in the struggle it was knocked down and put out, and we were then in the dark—I felt a prick in my arm, and then a smarting as if it was cut by a knife, and I heard the knife fall on the floor—that was the first blow he had struck me that evening—I cried "Murder!" and said I was stabbed, and my son who was up stairs in the back bedroom came to my assistance—he is seventeen years old—he tried to pull me away, and my husband pulled him down by the hair of his head on to the floor in a minute; he at last got me away and I then ran to the door—a person brought in a light from next door—I then looked at my arm and found it gashed up a little as if by a knife, and it was bleeding very much—it is just above the wrist—there was a small pool of blood in the room where I was stabbed—the knife was found on the floor.

Prisoner. I had been out from 9 o'clock in the morning, and when I came home my wife began abusing me, and said, "Well, you have had all this day again, I hope you have had enough drink now;" but before that, in the morning, she asked me to move a tub out of the back room into the wash house, and when I got it to the door I asked her where I was to put it; I asked her the question three times and she gave me no answer, but stood and laughed at me, and that was the cause of my going out; she generally treats me in that way. Witness. It is all false; when he came in I did not speak to him, any more than saying, 'Will you have some tea, Wallis,"





MARIA HIGGS
. I am the wife of James Higgs, and live at Camberwell. I was with Mrs. Wallis on Friday, 4th June—the prisoner came in between 6 and 7 o'clock, intoxicated—his wife did not say a word to him—he immediately walked through the two rooms, into the back place, where she was standing at work, and began abusing her, calling her very bad names, and said he would dash her b—brains against the wall—this went on for nearly an hour, and she then went away—after some time, I went to persuade her to come back—she got in the back way—the prisoner was then up stairs—I do not remember whether she went up stairs, but he rushed after her into the front room, where I was, and a scuffle took place—I saw a knife in his band; it was a small carving knife, with a narrow blade—it had a point, but it was blunt—this is the knife (produced)—I am not aware that he had been using it—I had not seen it that day—while she was away he made use of very shocking expressions, and said he would break her neck when she came in—before she came back I asked him whether he would do anything to her if she came back—at first he said he would break her neck, but afterwards he said he would not hurt her, and told me to tell her to come home—I went, and she came back—I saw the knife in the prisoner's hand before the light was put out—he had it in his right hand, and his arm was raised—he had hold of his wife with the other hand, and said he would have her heart out, using a shocking expression—just at that moment the candle was thrown down, and we were

left in the dark—Mrs. Wallis appeared to have her left arm up, as if to defend her face—that was the arm that was wounded—the moment the light was knocked out, and the scuffle took place, some persons rushed into the room—Mrs. Wallis called out, "Murder! I am stabbed!"—I heard her cry that in the dark—a light was brought in by a person next door—I found a good quantity of blood on the floor where I had seen them standing, and I found the knife lying where the blood was—there was blood on it—the police came, and the prisoner was taken.

Prisoner. I desired you to go and tell my wife to come home, and I would not hurt her. Witness. Yes, you did.





JOHN BUSHELL
. I am a surgeon, living in Kennington-lane, Lambeth. I was called to see Mrs. Wallis about 12 o'clock, on Saturday, 5th June—I found two wounds on her left arm, one on the upper part of the fore arm, towards the outer side, and another three or four inches above it—the lower wound was evidently done by some cutting instrument—a knife would do it—it looked as if it was a stab, not a straight incision from a downright blow; it went through the flesh, and tore it up—this knife might have inflicted it—it must have been done by a thrust—the other wound might have been produced by the same blow, but it must have been under extraordinary circumstances—they were not dangerous wounds.

Prisoner's Defence. I came home, and went up stairs, into the front room, and went to bed; I recollect my wife coming into the room; she said, "Wallis, shall I bring the children home?" I said, "You can do as you like;" with that she runs up to me, to the best of my recollection, and drags me out of bed, and then I suppose I followed her down; I have no recollection of having the knife, or seeing it, until I saw it at the station on the Saturday; there is an iron round the, ironing board that my wife works at, and the knob is off the door of the front room, so that it has a sharp point sticking out, and she might, in the scuffle, have knocked her arm against that or the ironing board.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

