



823. 




MARTIN WHITE



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Ann Hurley, with intent to murder her.—2nd COUNT.—To maim and disable her.—3rd.COUNT.—To do her some grievous bodily harm.


MR. GIFFORD
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN HURLEY
. I had been living with the prisoner for a little better than twelve months, but had been part of the time in service—I left him, and went to service again, five days before this matter occurred—I left him on Friday evening, and I went back on Tuesday night to get my clothes, and to see him—I found him in a public house—he told me to sit down and drink with him—I did so—he took me to another public house, and called for a quartern of the best rum—I staid there till it was getting on for 10 o'clock—he called for another half quartern, which we drank between us, and then he wanted me to have a pint of half and half—I said if I did I should be tipsy, and could not go home to my place—he said, "Come and make my bed, ray bed has not been made since you left me"—I said I could not go up stairs because my mistress only gave me leave for two hours, and I could not stop—he said, "Come up, and I will not delay you half an hour"—I said, "I shall go up and make your bed"—we went up stairs at about a quarter or half past 10—he then locked me in, and said, "You won't go home to your place to night; I shall be up early in the morning, and then you can go to your place"—I went to bed—I said I should lose my place for staying out—I had been such a short time in it—about 2 or 3 in the morning he put his hand across me, got kissing me, and he had got a razor open in his hand—I said, "Don't murder me"—he said, "I will serve you out now"—he gave me the first cut here (on the chin)—he wanted to cut my throat—I put my arm up, and he cut it, in two places—I kept my arm all the time to my throat—I said, "White, you have done for me at last"—he said, "You are not murdered yet," and gave me another cut on my arm, as I was at the door—I opened the door and ran down stairs, leaving the door open—a policeman took me to the hospital directly, and I became unconscious—I have been an out patient ever since, and have lost the use of my arm—there was nothing

the matter with the prisoner's throat when I left the room; he was standing by the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Are you a married woman? A. Yes; but my husband has gone abroad—I lived with the prisoner as his wife, down to the time I went to the place, in the same house, and the same room—the people of the house knew me and him—I got a place of all work, in King-street, St. James's, with Mrs. Edge—it is a place where girls go with men, but I took the place in the kitchen—I had no character to go to a place—I did not come out for a holiday: I asked my mistress to let me out for a couple of hours; the clock struck 7 as I went through St. James's-park—I did not know the prisoner was at the public house—I went there to have half a pint of beer—I did not expect to find him there—he went to that house sometimes, but very seldom—I swear I did not go there expecting to meet him; I had no idea he was there—I had gone to the landlady; she said he was out, and the door was locked; she did not say he was at the public house—I did not go direct to the public house—I went and told them to leave the ticket for my clothes—I found him at one public house, and he took me to another—he was not so tipsy when he got home as not to know everything he said—he had been drinking, but was not tipsy—I had had beer for my dinner, and had some rum with him, and part of some beer—I felt that it was dangerous to take any more when he talked about half and half—I said I should be tipsy, to go to my place—I cannot say whether I made his bed as be wished—I do not remember—the first thing I remember is awaking, and his kissing me, and having his hand across my throat, and the razor open io his hand; it was daylight—I had no razor in my hand in the course of that night or morning; we never had an angry word—I did not get possession of the razor, in the struggle—there used to be three razors in the room when I lived with him, but I did not see two that night—when I awoke I was undressed, and in my chemise, and he was in his shirt—I did not try to do him any mischief when I was struggling with him, I was screaming out "Murder!"

MR. GIFFARD. Q. How long is it since you have seen your husband? A. Nine or ten years.





JAMES BUCHANAN
 (police sergeant, B 8). On 9th June, about 3 o'clock in the morning, I heard cries of "Police!" and "Murder!" by several women—I went to the spot, and found Mrs. Hurley coming out of the court bleeding from the face and arm, and holding the cut together—I went to the second floor of 11, Devonshire-place, and found the door fastened on the inside by this piece of wood (produced) being placed above the latch—I called to White to open the door—I received no answer—I called a second time, and threatened to break the door in, which I did, and found the prisoner lying on the edge of the bed undressed and bleeding from a wound in the throat—he said, "I did not think she would have done this to me"—he directed my attention to where I should find a razor—I found this razor (produced) covered with blood and the handle broken; it seems to have been twisted—the blade is not broken.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it a common drop latch? A. Yes; this piece of wood must have been put in by some person.





JOHANNA M'CORMICK
. I live at 11, Devonshire-place, Broadway, in the same house with the prisoner. I remember the night Ann Hurley was with the prisoner; I heard them come up together—I have known them since they have lived in the house—about 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning I heard Ann Hurley screaming "Murder!"—shortly before that I heard the prisoner's

voice speaking out of the window to my father—he said, "If you want anything, my name is White"—I heard her scream, "Don't murder me! don't murder me with a razor"—he said, "You are not murdered yet"—she ran down stairs into my room, and I heard the prisoner fastening the door—I called a policeman up—he asked for the door to be opened: it was not and he burst it open.





HENRY RONALDSON
. I am assistant to Mr. Painter, a surgeon, of Broad-way, Westminster. I am in the habit of attending Westminster Hospital, and assisting in dressing wounds—I saw the prosecutrix on the morning she was brought in—the surgeon who first dressed her wounds is ill—I saw two wounds on her face and two on her right arm—those on the arm were very deep; one was three inches long, and divided some of the muscles and tendons, which will prevent her using her hand for a length of time, and will quite cripple her—those on the face were deep, but did not go through the lip, and she had another deep wound on the arm—I think the wounds on the arm were received while putting her hand up to defend her throat from being cut—I saw the prisoner's wound—it was about two inches long—the trachea was not divided at all—no large vessel had been cut, but he had lost a good deal of blood—I should say it had been inflicted by himself because it was cut on the left side, and the point where the razor would go in was considerably deeper—it was such a wound as is commonly inflicted by a right handed person cutting his throat.

Cross-examined. Q. All wounds there are attended with some danger? A. Yes; he remained at the hospital nearly a month.




GUILTY
on 3rd Count.
 Aged 63.—


Transported for Twelve Years.


Before Mr. Justice Talfourd.

