




383. 




THOMAS SMEADE
 and 




WILLIAM HOLLOWAY



, stealing 1 purse, value 3s., and 39s. in money; of 



Bennett Ross, from her person.

Mr. LILLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SPITTLE
. I am a City-police constable. On Monday, 7th Feb., about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing with Scott, on London-bridge, in plain clothes—I saw the two prisoners and another lad, they were together and conversing, and walking towards the City—I followed them to King William-street first; and there I saw Smeade try to pick a lady's pocket—he was covered by Holloway, who was standing close to him to conceal him—I then lost sight of them, and about ten minutes afterwards I saw them again in Bishopsgate-street Within—I observed them notice two ladies—I could see they made the ladies a sort of mark—the ladies went along Bishopsgate-street Within, and went into a confectioner's shop—Smeade, and the one who is not in custody, went in the shop after them—Holloway remained outside, looking through the window into the shop—in about five

minutes Smeade and the other lad came out of the shop, and they were each eating a pound cake—the ladies came out in two or three minutes afterwards and continued on their course; the prisoners and the other lad followed them, and Holloway got before them, and made a dead stand on the kerb at the corner of Camomile-street, so as to prevent one of the ladies passing off the kerb into the road, and Smeade drew by the side of the lady, put his left hand in her pocket and took out this purse, containing 1l. 19s., an invoice, and a pill-box—I was in the road; I rushed to him and secured him—he threw the purse on the pavement; I picked it off the pavement—it contained a sovereign and a half in gold and silver, and this invoice, and pill-box—I took him to the station—I found 2d. on him.

Cross-examined by Mr. RIBTON. Q. Are you one of the detective force? A. Yes; I am quite sure it was Smeade—I had him in custody within a minute of his picking the pocket—it was about a quarter before 4 o'clock in the afternoon—there was not a crowd there—I swear that I actually saw him put his hand in the lady's pocket—I saw the purse in his band, and saw him throw it on the pavement.

Cross-examined by Mr. PAYNE. Q. It was the boy who is not in custody and Smeade who went in the shop to buy the cakes? A. Yes; Holloway did not go in, he stood outside looking through the window.





GEORGE SCOTT
. I am a constable of the City-police. I was with the last witness on the day in question—I saw the lads come out of the confectioner's shop—I saw Holloway get in front of the lady, which stopped her from going on her way, and I saw Smeade put his hand in her pocket—I do not know whether he drew anything out—Spittle took Smeade, and Holloway was walking away, I took him, and found on him 11s., a gold ring, and one halfpenny.

Cross-examined by Mr. RIBTON. Q. Are you one of the detectives? A. Yes; I saw Smeade put his hand into the lady's pocket.





BENNETT ROSS
. I live in Albion-road, Stoke Newington, and am a widow. Between 3 and 4 o'clock, in the afternoon of 7th Feb., I went into Mr. Hill's, a confectioner's shop, with a friend—while I was there I think I saw a boy come in; he was about the height and size of Smeade—he bought come cake—he stood on my right hand—while he was there I pulled out my purse to pay for what I had purchased—I replaced my purse in my pocket—I do not think it fell through my dress on the ground—if it had I should have heard it—I had 1l. 19s. in my purse—this is my purse to the best of my knowledge—I was not aware of my loss till the officer spoke to me—this is the paper that was in my purse, and this is the sum of money that I lost.

SMEADE—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

HOLLOWAY—


GUILTY
 Aged 18.
(Smeade was further charged with having been before convicted.)





GEORGE MATTOCK
 (policeman, G 162). I produce a certificate of Smeade's former conviction at this Court for picking a lady's pocket in Chiswell-street (read—


Thomas Dean, April, 1851, was convicted and confined one year)—Smeade is the person.
(Thomas Small, a smith, and Smeade's father gave him a good character.)

SMEADE—GUILTY. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.



HOLLOWAY. Aged 18.—



Confined Twelve Months.

