




667. 




STEPHEN BOXALL, Jun., and 




STEPHEN BOXALL, Sen.


, feloniously killing and slaying 



Benjamin Prestage. They were also charged with a like offence upon the Coroner's Inquisition: to which

STEPHEN BOXALL, Jun. pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HOLLANDS
. I was at the Old Horns, Millpond-street, Bermondsey, on the night this took place—there were several persons drinking there; the deceased was one—the younger prisoner was trying to set one of the witnesses and a person they called Fabie, fighting, and white so doing, Mrs. Prestage came in to ask her husband to come to his tea, and she told young Boxall he ought to be ashamed of himself, as they had all been drinking together—he said she ought to hold her tongue—she said she would not, and he then said, "You b—y cow, I will make you"—the deceased got up, and told him not to call her that again—he said, "I tell you what,Ben,I am not afraid of you, old cock, and never was," and he then ran at deceased, and knocked him down with his head, at the bottom of the deceased's stomach—Mrs. Prestage said, "You coward, to do that," and he struck her, and as the deceased got up, he said, "You coward, to hit a woman in the way she is" (she was in the family way)—he then turned round, and ran at deceased again in the same way, caught hold of his leg, threw him again, and they both went down together—his head was then at the bottom part of the deceased's stomach—they fell in that way—he pushed his body right into him like—the father then interfered; he had taken no part in it up to the time the deceased received the injury that was afterwards discovered—he came in, and sat down just as they had the few words—when they were both down the second time, the father struck the deceased with his fists somewhere in his head—the deceased was holding the son down, and the father struck him, and tried to get him away—one of the witnesses struck him, and got him up—the father then caught hold of the leg of a table, and in pulling it off it struck the deceased's wife, and he said, "Here Stephe, take this, and kill the b—r."

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. The elder prisoner only struck deceased once? A. Three times altogether—he did not strike him at all till the deceased had been knocked down the second time—he then struck him about the head, not in the belly.


Jury. Q. Was the elder prisoner present at the commencement of the quarrel? A. Yes.





THOMAS HOWELL
. I am a dresser at St. Thomas's Hospital—I saw the deceased after he was brought there—the symptoms he had when he came in were those of very great prostration, and severe pain in the abdomen, and inability to pass the urine, though he had great desire at the time—he came in on 22nd at noon, and died on 25th, at half-past five o'clock—I assisted in making a post-mortem examination, and found a rupture of the bladder, with peritonritis and inflammation, arising from extravasation of the urine—those appearances were sufficient, in my judgment, to account for his 
death—it was such an injury as would he caused by a blow, or the falling of a heavy weight on that part—in other respects, he appeared to be perfectly healthy—I found no other bruises or anything to account for death—the rupture of the bladder





PAUL SULLIVAN
. I am a labourer, at Millpond-road, Bermondsey. I was at this public-house, in the tap-room, and saw the deceased, Prestage and his wife there—Prestage was drinking with some other men—young Boxall stood against the fire-place, and he run in at Prestage with his head at the bottom of his stomach—I do not know where the father then was, I had not seen him—Prestage was thrown on the ground by the effect of the blow—he got up, and the younger prisoner ran at him a second time—I saw the father afterwards, but did not see him come in—he had the leg of a table in his hand—the deceased was thrown down again when young Boxall ran at him a second time—I did not see the elder prisoner do anything with the table leg—I did not see what became of it—I did not see who helped the son up—I did not take much notice of them—I thought it would only have been a bit of a scratch—I did not think anything would have come of it, or I should have taken more notice.





JAMES CARROLL
. I was at the public-house when the row took place between Boxall and Prestage—I saw the younger prisoner run at Prestage—the elder prisoner was then in the room, sitting close to the fire, alongside of me—Prestage and the other prisoner had been sitting near the window—when he ran at Prestage I did not see or hear the elder prisoner do anything.

COURT. Q. Who helped the younger prisoner up? A. I did not see anybody do so—I did not see anything in the elder prisoner's hand—I did not see him take any part in it, or say anything to his son—I saw what was going on—there was much hallooing, and there were seven or eight people in the room—I did not see him with the leg of a table in his hand.





PETER WOOLDRIDGE
. I was at the public-house when the deceased was hurt by the younger prisoner—when they were down the second time I saw the father break off the leg of a table—he was going to give it to his son, and said, "Here Steve, kill the b—r, "and I ran to him and got it away, and then they both attacked me, and I received an injury in my ribs—after the policeman took the younger prisoner out, and I took the deceased home, he said he felt as if something had stabbed him in his inside, and all his inside seemed lying up in his chest—I afterwards went into a public-house where the elder prisoner was—he had a mat over his shoulders—he dropped it and attacked me—I afterwards went into a public-house where they both were, and they both attacked me, and tried to make me fight—when the elder prisoner gave his son the leg of the table I wrenched it out of his hand—I saw him pull his son up, but I did not see him strike the deceased—when we were round at Mr. Short's the younger prisoner came in and said, "I have

put one b—r to bed, and I will put the other one," and he looked round, saw me, and ran at me—the elder prisoner was there also, and he pulled off his jacket to fight me—that was after the deceased was taken home.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the deceased knocked down the first time? A. Yes; I do not believe the elder prisoner was there then, I did not see him—I am certain I saw him picking up his son from the deceased after he was knocked down the second time—he was standing at the right side of the fire-place—there was a good deal of light—the room is all windows—I should say there were from eight to ten people there—the elder prisoner was about three or four feet from the deceased when he was knocked down the second time—I first saw him interfere to pick up his son when the deceased had been knocked down the second time.





MARY ANN PRESTAGE
. I saw the elder prisoner go and break the leg off the table, he said to his son, "Kill the b—with this, settle him Steve."—I saw him strike my husband once or twice before that—that was before he was knocked down the second time—between the two times he was prevented using the leg by somebody taking it out of his hand—he then went and pulled off his son—I saw the younger prisoner push his head into my husband's stomach, as hard as he could—he said, "Get up you b—, have you had enough?" and with that, he pushed his head so; and he said, "I think you have killed me, I have got my 
death blow"—he was assisted up by two young men

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the elder prisoner when your husband was first knocked down? A. Close behind his son—he went to assist his son up, and struck my husband—he assisted his son up twice, and struck my husband, between the first and second attack—he struck him about the head and face—I am sure he had struck him before he was assisted up the second time—my husband was being raised from the ground at the time—he did not strike him before he went to assist his son up—it was while he was assisting him up that he struck my husband—that was between the first and second times—I did not see the elder prisoner do anything to my husband before the younger prisoner ran at him a second time—I was knocked down myself by the younger prisoner after he struck my husband the first time—I saw the elder prisoner in the room then—I think he must have seen me struck.

COURT
to
JOHN HOLLANDS. Q. How long was it between the first and second attacks by the younger prisoner—not three minutes—immediately after striking the wife he turned round to the husband.

STEPHEN BOXALL, the Elder—


GUILTY
. Aged 53.—



Confined
Two Years.



Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

