



836. 




ELLEN SULLIVAN



, stealing 5 sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, 10 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the moneys of 



James Marr: having been before convicted.






JAMES MARR
. I am a shipwright, of 13, Norfolk-street, Poplar. On Friday night, 5th April, I went with the prisoner to the White Swan, and had some gin and cloves—I afterwards went with her to a house in Newgatefields where I was to stop the night with her—I had six sovereigns, four shillings, and a sixpence—I gave her the four shillings, and sent the sixpence or a quartern of gin—the woman of the house afterwards came up for 1s. 6d. or the room—I gave her a sovereign to get changed, and to get a quartern of gin—she brought me 19s. 6d. change—I gave her 1s. 6d., and put 5s. into my fob, and the rest into my right-hand trowsers pocket—I then went to

bed, putting my trowsers on the bedside next the wall—I got out of bed again, buttoned the door, and put out the light—I awoke in about an hour or an hour and a quarter, and the prisoner was gone, and my trowsers too—I called out, and the landlady came, with a candle and my trowsers—I searched the pockets, and found only a fourpenny-piece—on the Saturday morning, about half-past ten, I saw the prisoner pass the King David station-house—as soon as she saw me she ran away.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Is the landlady here? A. Not that I am aware of—I had laid hold of the prisoner before she ran away—I had seen her once, about a fortnight before, in an eating-house—I did not speak to her.





JAMES MOTT
 (policeman, K 144). On the Saturday morning I saw the prisoner run out of a court in Shakspeare's-walk, followed by Marr—as soon as she saw me she stopped—she said nothing till Marr staid she had robbed him of six sovereigns—she then said, "I give myself up to you; you may do your best or worst."

Cross-examined. Q. Was not it this way, "As soon as she saw me she stopped, and said, 'I give myself up to you?'"—(reading from the deposition.) A. Yes, and then Marr said, "She has robbed me of 6l."—she then said, "Do your best or worst, you cannot prove anything against me."





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (policeman, K 212). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted May, 1847, having been before convicted, confined three months)—I was present—she is the person.




GUILTY.** Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
