



597. 




JANE SMITH



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Julia Mahoney; with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






JULIA MAHONEY
. I live in Victoria-place, and gain my living by prostitution. The prisoner is in the same way of life—on 3rd May, about half past 6 o'clock in the morning, I was before the Royal Sovereign public house, Bluegate-fields, and saw the prisoner on the other side of the road, she came across to me and said, "I owe you a spite for sleeping with my brother, and I intend to do for you"—I saw a knife in her hand, and said, "Jane, don't stab me;" with that she stabbed me in the throat, and I ran into the Royal Sovereign to protect myself, and she ran after me and stabbed me twice on the forehead—I then fell insensible.

Prisoner. Q. You were outside the Royal Sovereign, drinking rum with me and a sailor? A. Yes; about half-past 5 o'clock I was—I did not dive my hand into the sailor's pocket, take his money, and run away—you were not drunk, but not quite sober.





MARGARET DRISCOLL
. I was servant at the Royal Sovereign. I saw the prisoner stab Julia Mahoney outside the house, and then ran into the public house and stab her again—I took the knife out of her hand, and gave it to my mistress—the prisoner appeared to have been drinking, but was steady enough to know what she was about—I bad not seen them together before that, but they had had some dispute in the street.

DANIEL Ross. I am divisional surgeon of police. I examined the prosecutrix, and found an extensive incised wound, commencing about the centre of the forehead and extending to the temple; it went to the bone, but did not cut the temporal artery—there were also two superficial wounds on the left side of the neck, which appeared to be done by a sharp cutting instrument, such as this knife (produced).





JOHN PHILHIM
 (policeman). I produce the knife—I received it from the landlord of the public house.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

