




369. 



JOSEPH CHIVERALL
 and 




JOHN MCCORMICK



, feloniously assaulting 



John Renwick, with intent to rob him.


MR. PAYNE. conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN RENWICK
. I live in Gifford—street, Kingsland. On the night of Sunday, 11th Jan., I was in Church—street, Shoreditch, a little before 10 o'clock—I saw both the prisoners—three men attacked me—I was not perfectly

sober, but sober enough to know what I was doing—they struck me, and knocked me—I fell against a door, which flew open, and I fell into the passage—Chiverall then threw himself upon me while I was on the ground—I grasped him with my arms, and M'Cormick kicked me in the face—I called out, "Police!"—while Chiverall was on me, he attempted to tear my coat open and take my pocket book, which was in my breast pocket—my coat was buttoned as it is now—I got partly up, and Chiverall knocked me down again—Mr. Jackson came to help me, he pulled Chiverall off me, I got up and seized Chiverall by the throat—a policeman came up, and I gave Chiverall into custody—M'Cormick kicked me in the face while I was on the ground, and then ran away—I received a kick from him in the ribs when I was knocked down, and Chiverall threw himself on me—I was very ill for several days, and under a doctor; my lip was cut, and my forehead, and I had a black eye—I did not know either of the prisoners before—I had no quarrel with them—nothing was taken from me.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Did this all take place in the presence of Mr. Jackson? A. No—he keeps a public house—I do not know that he was standing at his door, I did not see him there—I will swear, that to my knowledge this did not all take place in his presence—I do not know what part it was that he could not see—I know now that he saw the whole of it—I had not been drinking the whole evening—I did not leave home till past 8 o'clock—this took place about 10 o'clock—I did not want to fight the prisoners, decidedly not—I seized Chiverall by the throat, and gave him to the constable—I did not, to my knowledge, when at the station, attempt to strike Chiverall, nor was I prevented by two constables—I have no recollection of it—I went into Mr. Jackson's just before this—I did not stop there a moment—I came out of the side door, and then came past his house—Mr. Jackson had not been drinking inside—I did not see him at all there—there were two ladies in the bar—this did not take a minute—the police—man and Mr. Jackson came up almost in an instant—I did not say a word to the policeman about Chiverall striking me at all—I mean to swear now that he did strike me; decidedly—if it had not been for this pocket book I should have been severely injured—I did not show the police the bruise on the side, I went to the doctor the next morning—there was nothing particular, it was only a slight bruise—I did not see the constable before he came up.





JAMES JACKSON
. I keep the King's Head, in Church-street. On Sunday night, 11th Jan., I saw the prosecutor at my door—I was then going out—he was coming out—I went to the other door, the bottle department, and stood there—I saw two young men about ten yards from the door—the prisoner Chiverall was one; they were together—the prosecutor wan passing, and they turned round immediately behind him, and Chiverall attempted to put his hand into his pocket—the prosecutor turned round and seized Chiverall by the collar, and as soon as he had done that the other person struck the prosecutor in the face, and knocked him against a door—the door flew open, and he fell in the passage—I ran up immediately, and the other one ran away—I took hold of Chiverall by the collar, and pulled him off the prosecutor—the prosecutor got up, took hold of Chiverall by his collar, and called out "Police!"—a policeman came and took him—the other man ran up Boundary—street, the direction the policeman was coming down—I saw the second person, and from M'Cormick's stature and appearance, I believe him to be the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prosecutor pass you? A. Yes; and the

two persons stood with their backs towards the window—they turned, and the hand of one, I could see distinctly, attempted to put in the pocket—they were standing ten yards off and when they did this they had not gone, I should think, more than one yard further—they were at that time between the prosecutor and me—I saw Chiverall's hand going from him in a direction to the prosecutor's pocket—I am certain of it—he touched him, and directly the prosecutor turned round and seized him—that appeared to me to be in consequence of his feeling something done to him; and directly on that M'Cormick knocked him down—I cannot say whether the prosecutor had hold of Chiverall till he fell—when I got up Chiverall was upon the prosecutor in the passage, whether he pulled him down I cannot tell—I staid till the policeman came, which was in half a minute—I did not see the policeman till he came up—there were other persons round after this was done—a great many persons were about, but whether they had been with the prisoners, I cannot tell—the prosecutor had a black eye, and his nose was hurt; I believe he had a scratch on his neck; I did not notice his lip—I did not see any conversation with the prosecutor and these men before this happened.





JOHN ROSS
. (policeman, U 227). I was on duty in Church-street, on the night of 11th Jan.—I saw the prisoners pass about ten minutes before this happened—they were in company, and Chiverall had a coat on his left arm—they were going in a direction towards Bethnal Green—road—shortly afterwards I heard a cry of "Police!"—I went to the spot, and saw the prosecutor trying to get up, and Chiverall on him—the prosecutor had hold of Chiverall—I saw M'Cormick run towards Shoreditch, I cannot say whether he turned the corner of Boundary—street or not.
(Chiverall's statement before the Magistrate was here read as follow; "I am very sorry for it; I did not strike him.")

COURT. to
JAMES JACKSON. Q. How was the prosecutor? A. He was the worse for drink, but quite conscious of what he was about.

JURY. to
JOHN BOSS. Q. Did you know M'Cormick before? A. Yes, I have known him the last twelve months.




GUILTY
.

Chiverall was also charged with having been before convicted.






GEORGE LOCKYEE
. I am an officer of the House of Correction. I produce a certificate of Chiverall's conviction—(Read: "Clerkenwell, April, 1856; 



William Jones, Convicted of stealing a coat; 
Confined four months ")—he is the person.

CHIVERALL.—
GUILTY.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


M'CORMICK.—Aged 18.*—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

