



1314. 




EDWARD WOODARD
, 

robbery, with other persons, on 



John James, and stealing 1 watch, value 8l.; his property: having been before convicted.


MR. COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN JAMES
. I was living, on 13th May, in Richmond-buildings. I am a barman, but was then out of place—about 1 o'clock that morning, I was in Compton-street—a woman, who was a stranger to me, accosted me, and wanted me to go home with her; I refused—she walked with me across the road to Little Compton-street, and nudged me up a court—I had a silver watch in my left waistcoat-pocket—I had seen it about a quarter of an hour before—she snatched my watch, and the prisoner and another man came up together, and struck me—this occupied about five minutes, during which time I was trying to get away—one held me on one side, and the other on the other, while the woman took the watch, and ran away—she had not got it out before they came—the prisoner struck me on the forehead with his fist, and I cried out—I did not follow the woman, because the two men held me—they made way, and she passed between them—I tried to catch hold of her, and one of them hit me on my arm—I hallooed out "Police!" and "Murder!"—the prisoner said if I did not hold my tongue, he would make me—they made off; one one way, the other the other—I followed the prisoner, calling out, and saw him stopped one street from the court—I had not lost sight of him—I have not seen my watch since.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. When did you take out your watch? A, In Leicester-square, opposite the Hotel De Provence—Hayes's-court is not far from Leicester-square—I nudged the woman to go, but she would not—she did not walk above a yard, and then shoved me up a court—I did not go up the court, hardly—I had never been up there before—when I ran

after the prisoner, he knocked my hat off in the court—I resisted all I could—I was going home—I had been to a friend's in Camden Town, and bad taken supper—I had had nothing to drink but a glass of beer, for my supper—I was not five minutes' walk from home—I afterwards found my hat in the middle of the court, about a yard from where I and the woman entered—the court is not a yard long—it has houses in it—my watch had this steel guard chain to it, fastened to a button-hole—the chain was left—it was not broken—I do not know how the watch came off it—I had not been speaking to any woman that night, and none had spoken to me—no person came up when I called, till the prisoner was stopped—I charged him with robbing me of a watch and two sovereigns—I found my two sovereigns in my trowsers pocket next morning—I thought they were with my watch—I have the same dress on now that I wore then—the woman had not her hand in my trowsers pocket—she did not make a grasp at my watch before I saw the two men—she had not still her arm under my arm—I did not strike her.

MR. COCKLE. Q. When you went back again to the court, did you go alone? A. Yes, I ran alone, after my hat—here is a hook on this chain, which was attached to my button-hole—the watch was on this ring—the ring was not broken that night, it has been broken since.





GEORGE TEED
 (policeman, T 207). I was on duty in Moor-street, and heard a cry of "Murder!" and "Police!" in a direction from Little Compton-street—I went in that direction, and saw the prisoner running from the prosecutor, who was close behind him—I stopped the prisoner—the prosecutor charged him with violently assaulting him, and assisting in robbing him of his watch—I took the prisoner to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Does Moor-street lead into Little Compton-street? A. Yes; I know the court where the prosecutor's hat was lost—I do not know the name of it—it is not far from Hayes-court, just on the other side of the road—I did not go to the court—it leads to houses—it is a dark court—I was about 200 yards from it when I first heard the cry—I took the prisoner about 100 yards from it—he had got into Moor-street from Little Compton-street—in going to the station, the prosecutor said he had lost two sovereigns, but he did not charge the prisoner with stealing them—when he got to the station, he found them—it was not the next day—I am sure of that—he was quite sober.

COURT
to
JOHN JAMES. Q. When was it you found your two sovereigns in your pocket? A. Next morning—I mentioned that night that I had lost two sovereigns; I told the officer the next morning that I had found them—I did not tell him that night.





WILLIAM MACKWITH
 (City-policeman, 307). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted Jan, 1849, having been before convicted—Confined two years)—he is the man.




GUILTY
.** Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

