



32. 




CATHERINE ADAMS



, stealing 1 watch, value 5l.; the goods of 



John Oxenford, from his person.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN OXENFORD
. I have a literary occupation, and live in John-street, Bedford-row. On 10th Nov. I was walking from St. Paul's Churchyard to Farringdon-street—I arrived at the corner of Ludgate-bill, but was not in Farringdon-street—the crowd pressed against me—there was a lady with me, who was parted from me by the crowd, and we were trying to get through singly—the prisoner and another woman drove against me—I do not know whether they came of their own accord, or were pushed against me, the crowd being behind, which was increased by carts coming round the corner—the procession had passed about twenty minutes—there was no ostensible reason why the crowd should be there—the lady who was separated from me was just behind me—presently I observed that the prisoner and the other woman held my coat, the prisoner on the right, and the other woman on the left—I said, "My good women, if you are pushed by the crowd, there is no reason why you should hold me by the collar"—they said a man pressed behind them—I said, "I don't 6ee any reason for your holding me in this way," but I could not shake them off—I had a gold watch and chain in my waistcoat-pocket, and presently the lady with me said, "Your watch is gone, and this is the woman, I saw it in her hand," pointing out the prisoner—the prisoner was the woman who had held me on my right aide—the other woman, who had held me on the left side, was completely gone, vanished in an instant—there was a cry of "Police!" and the policeman came up—the prisoner was taken to the station—I valued the watch at 5l.—I had had it many years.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How long before bad you looked at your watch? A. I cannot remember, because I am in the habit of looking at my watch frequently—the chain was left as if the watch had been cut away—I was going from Ludgate-hill to Farringdon-street—I was trying to get round the corner to get out of the crowd—there was a confluence of people—I do not say I was wedged in; I was more driven about—it was between half-past 4 and 5 o'clock—I bad been to see the show from the first-floor of the Cathedral coffee-house, and I came from there round St. Paul's Churchyard and down Ludgate-street—I was not at all crowded in the room where I was—I cannot say when I had seen my watch; I think it had not been an hour, because I am in the habit of looking at it to keep appointments

and so on—the lady who was with me was not leaning on my arm at the time I lost my watch; she was then just behind me—the prisoner and the other woman had not hold of the collar of my coat, it was the breasts of my coat which they spread out—my watch was in my right-hand waistcoat-pocket—that was the side on which the prisoner was—I spoke more to the other woman than to the prisoner; but I said to them both, "Why do you push so?"—I think the other said the crowd was pushing behind.

MR. BRIARLY. Q. Was there any pressure on you till you got to the end of Farringdon-street? A. Not at all; it seemed like a pressure for that purpose—I should think the whole pressure was about five minutes—it was, I should say, about a minute or two before I lost my watch—I think I did not see my watch in the coffee-house—there was a clock there.





ALICE M'KELLER
. On 10th Nov., between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon, I was in company with the last witness—I accompanied him from the Cathedral coffee-house to the end of Farringdon-street—I was on his arm till I got to the bottom of Ludgate-hill—I got separated from him, but was very near him—I was before him, and did not see him for a moment till I turned back—I then saw the prisoner with his watch in her hand—I saw her hand take it from his chain—I said, "She has taken your watch"—I laid hold of the prisoner—I cannot say how long I held her—I gave her to the policeman—she gave the watch to the other woman—I saw the other woman go away—I laid hold of the other woman.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you lay hold of the other woman first? A. No, of the prisoner first—I was before the prosecutor, I think about half a yard before him—I turned round, because I did not see him near me, and I thought I had lost him—my name is Alice M'Keller—I live now at No. 3, Adelphiterrace, but I live at Gillingham when I am at home—at the time this charge was given I lived at No. 3, Adelphi-terrace—I am stopping with my uncle, the superintendent of the Ant and Bee Steam-boat Company—I sleep there, and live there now—if inquiries had been made there, persons would know I lived there; but there are two No. 3's, where my uncle lives is one No. 3, and there is another No. 3, the large house at the corner—I came from Adelphi-terrace this morning—I came in a cab—I am sure I came from there—I will swear it—I do not know Dudley-street, St. Giles's.

Q. Do you state, on your oath, that you came from the Adelphi-terrace direct here this morning in a cab? A. Yes; I came with the gentleman who has just been examined—I did not come from Dudley-street, I do not know it—I do not know Monmouth-street, I might have passed through it; I do not know it by name—I did not say I came straight from Adelphi-terrace in a cab—I do not know where I got in the cab—it was in the street—I got in a cab on my way—I do not mean that I came from Adelphi-terrace in a cab—my uncle's name is Colletti—there was a considerable crowd at the place where we were—I do not know the name of the street we were going into—I did not hear any screams in the crowd.

MR. BRIARLY. Q. Did you walk part of the way this morning, and come in a cab part of the way? A. Yes; I do not know a great deal of London—I know Holborn—I have not been often there—I do not know Middle-row.





JOHN CROLEY
 (City-policeman, 617). I took the prisoner into custody—I asked the last witness on what charge she was to be taken—she charged her with taking a watch from the person of a gentleman, and handing it to another female who had taken it away—the prisoner said she was not guilty, and how cruel it was of them to make such a charge.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear screams in the crowd? A. I did—when

I came up, the last witness was holding the prisoner—there were very loud screams from more than one person—the last witness screamed, and the prisoner screamed; there was a great noise altogether—the last witness complained of being struck on the back of the hand by one of the females, I think by the one that went away.

COURT
to
ALICE M'KELLER. Q. At the time you interfered in this matter, did you receive any blow on your hand? A. Yes; I do not know what it was with—it cut my band—the skin was taken off, and it swelled very much (the witness showed her right hand, which was strapped up and very much swollen)—the blow was not struck by the prisoner, but by the woman who ran away—I cannot tell what she struck me with—I received the blow when I held the other woman, to whom I saw the prisoner give the watch—it was the blow that caused me to let her go.

MR. PARRY
to
MR. OXENFORD. Q. Where was this young lady? A. I said she was behind me; but it is probable that at different moments she was in different parts.




GUILTY
. * Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

