



740. 




JAMES RAGAN



, feloniously setting fire to a certain building belonging to 



Norman M'Leod and others, with intent to injure them; other COUNTS, with intent to injure 



Joseph Adams.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






RALPH DODD
. I am in the employ of Joseph Adams, a mast and block-maker—the premises where this wood was stacked were at the top of a yard, at the corner of some waste ground, adjoining the Horseferry-branch-road—it was stacked close to the palings in the warehouse—I had been at work on 7th March—I left the warehouse at half-past six o'clock—I had no light—I locked up the premises, and left them quite safe, about half-past nine at night—there was then no way to get to the premises without getting across the palings.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was there anybody else there? A. Yes, one apprentice, William Adlington—he went away with me at half-past nine—we had been together all day—the other apprentice went away at five—it was dusk when I locked the place up—I and the other apprentice had been chopping up firewood that afternoon and evening—Adlington is twenty-four years old—he never smokes at the premises—a good many labouring men had been there that day—they come now and then to take a few poles away

—I never saw them smoking in the yard—I went to the premises again at half-past two, and found the policemen and men and women outside the gate looking st the fire—there were a few people on the waste ground out of the back houses—people used to play on the waste ground, and get over to fetch balls, but not since the fence has been up—I was fourteen on 23rd Aug.—Adlington is not here—I lock up the place, he will not—I lock it up, and fetch the foreman when he is wanted—we were chopping English elm, pieces of wood which were lying about—we had nothing to put on it.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do the back houses abut on the waste ground? A. Yes; I saw nobody come across in that direction—to do so they would have to get across a six-foot paling—the keys of the warehouse hung up in the shop we were at work in, till I went home.





JAMES STOCKLEY
 (policeman, K 66). I know the prisoner. On the morning of 7th March, about a quarter to one o'clock, I saw him in Cock-hill, Racliff, going towards the Horseferry-road, about ten minutes' walk from where the fire was—I watched him about 150 yards towards the place where the fire afterwards was—he was as he is now, with the exception of his face being blacked—he works occasionally as a coal-backer—I could not tell by the gaslight whether the black I saw was his unwashed face—my attention was called to the fire about a quarter-past two.





JAMES TOW
 (policeman, K 342). On the morning of 7th March I was on duty in the Horseferry-branch-road—I had to pass Mr. Adams's premises—at half-past two o'clock I Was going down the hill, and observed tire bursting through the roof, at the end next to the enclosed piece of ground—I had not noticed it before—it takes me half an hour to walk round my beat—I did not notice it till I got level with it—I sent for an engine—the fire broke out here(pointing to a plan,) at the farthest corner from the Horseferry-road, the end nearest London-street.





JOHN LAWES
. I was in the police when this fire took place; I have been dicharged since. On 7th March I was on duty near Mr. Adams's premises—about half-past two o'clock in the morning I was in Queen-street, and heard a rattle springing in the direction of the Horseferry-branch-road—I cannot say the time within five or ten minutes—I went down Queen-street into Horseferry-road, and found Mr. Adams's premises on fire—I then proved back in the same direction that I came—I turned up Queen-street, and just before I got to London-street I saw the prisoner turn the corner and run up Pump-yard, towards the fire-brigade engine-house—he could have come in that direction from the vacant ground—Pump-yard is in a direct line from Queen-street—I called to him to stop—he did not, and I said, "Who is that?"—he made some noise, but I could not hear what—he did not stop—he and I rushed to the engine-house—he got hold of the bell first, and said, "I have pulled the bell, and now I will go to the turncock."

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have not been dismissed for any good you have done? A. It had nothing to do with Ragan's case—I was before the Magistrate, but was not bound over, ray deposition was not taken—I did not say I was first at the engine-place—I was not contending with the man about who was to have the money, I was thinking about the benefit the public would derive—the money was not paid to him, but to me—he said, "Now mind, I am here first; I rang the bell"—I could not have said "I was first" because I was not—I took the money because Elderton gave it me this morning—it may be a fortnight since I was discharged, I cannot say to a day—it was for an assault on a civilian—I cannot say whether it was a male or a female; it was a male, I believe—I did not examine to see.


MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was any charge made against you before a Magistrate? A. Yes; I was fined—I had before that given my statement in this case before the Magistrate.





JOHN ELDERTON
. I am engine-keeper to the fire-brigade, in School House-lane, Ratcliffe. I know the prisoner by his calling me up to fires—he has called me up to four since last April, for which he would be paid 1s. reward, which he has been paid—he and the policeman called me up on the night of this fire—one said, "I am first;" and the other, "I am first"—they both told me there was a fire—the prisoner's face was clean—there was a gas lamp directly opposite—it was just half-past two o'clock—if his face was black, I should say I must have seen it—I went to examine the fire, and found the premises a light all over—it is a sort of wood which burns very quickly.

Cross-examined. Q. There have been other fires, have there not, to which you were not called by the prisoner? A. Yes; I have paid him 1s. the first hour, and 6d. per hour afterwards, for working engines, besides refreshment—if his face had been very black I must have seen it.





JOHN KNIGHT
. I am turncock to the East London Water Works Company. The prisoner called me up to go to Adams's fire—I have nothing to do with paying him, I give information to a person named Edinger, and he pays—during the last twelve months the prisoner has called me up on 1st April; 19th Sept.; 28th Sept.; 17th Feb.; and 7th March—I reported it to Edinger—being anxious to get the water on, I did not notice the prisoner's face this night—I have been called to five fires by the prisoner, and five by other people, but a different man has called me to each of the other fires.

Cross-examined. Q. If the prisoner's face was very black, must you have seen it? A. I did not take notice—I have been, called to other fires by policemen.





PHILIP EDINGER
. I am inspector of the East London Water Works Company. In the event of notice being given to the turncock of a fire, it is the custom of the Company to pay a reward of half-a-crown—I enter the rewards in this book—(produced)—I paid the prisoner the reward on 1st April; 19th Sept.; and 28th Sept., 1849; and on 17th Jan., 1850—I paid him nothing previous to those—I have not paid him for this fire.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you paid other people for any other fire? A. Yes; policemen more frequently than civilians—I may have paid the same policeman more than once, I cannot say—it very seldom happens—I do not think I have ever paid Lawes.





EDWARD PEMBLE
. I am beadle and engine-keeper of Ratcliff. On 7th March, I was called by a policeman, and went with him to the fire at Mr. Adams's—just as we turned out of Grove-lane into the Horseferry-road, I met the prisoner coming from the fire, and took him into custody, according to my instructions three or four months previously—he has once given me informations of a fire, and I paid him—this is a copy from the report book of fires taking place, it is in my writing; here are entries of fires on 19th Sept.; 28th Sept.; and 17th Dec; I have not got 1st April—I examined the premises where those fires happened.

MR. BALLANTINE
proposed to show that the other fires, of which notice was given by the prisoner, were of a similar nature to the one in question, and different from those of which notice was given by other parties; and that the doubt he had originally entertained of his right to do this, was removed by
MR. PAYNE
having in cross-examination, asked a question with reference to other fires.
MR. PAYNE
objected to such evidence being given; Mr. Justice ERLE
was of opinion



that the mere fact of the prisoner's having given notice of other fires, and claiming the reward, did not permit evidence to be adduced upon which a presumption was to be founded, that he had caused those fires.


Cross-examined. Q. Was it after notice had been given that you met the prisoner? A. Yes; the engine was going along—we met him about fifty yards from the gate of the premises where the fire was—Elderton lives in Broad-street, some distance off—the turncock lives in Dorset-street—the prisoner must have been to the engine-keeper and turncock, and come back—his face was very black—I should say it was soot, and not coal dust—anybody could see it, especially if there was a gas-light—I have never said I should like to transport the prisoner, or told him I should like to get him transported—I never spoke to the man in my life—I have said that if he was the guilty party he deserved to be transported—there have been no fires in our hamlet since he was in custody—Limehouse Church was burned down, and there was a fire at a sugar baker's in Ratcliff-high way, but that is in St. George's—there was one at Stepney Causeway, and another at Shadwell, and another in the Commercial-road, but they were in dwelling-houses, and broke out in bed-roorns.





RICHARD OLIVER
, (policeman, K 186). The prisoner was given into my charge on the morning of 7th of March—I took him to the station—I afterwards went with Meedy to the place where the fire had taken place—there is a piece of vacant ground, with small houses on one side, and palings about six feet high on the other, at one corner of which were the premises that were burned down—I got into the vacant ground—I found footsteps about fifteen yards from the premises—there was a quantity of shavings and cinder dust for those fifteen yards upon which a foot would not leave a lasting impression—I traced footmarks from the wooden fence in the Horseferry-branch-road leading to within fifteen yards of the shed that was fired—there were foot-steps as if the person who had gone in that direction had gone back again—I traced those footsteps back again to within a few yards of the paling—I afterwards obtained the prisoner's shoes and took them with me—it was then day-light—they corresponded with the footmarks going in the direction of the place that was fired—I ascertained that by placing the shoes beside the impression in the ground, these are the shoes (produced), they corresponded exactly, to a nail-another constable was with me—after we had compared them with the marks, we put the shoes into the marks—there is a hard piece on the left shoe, and I noticed the mark of that in the impression—the impression was deeper in that part—I measured the length and breadth of the footmarks and they corresponded—I traced the same footmarks coming back—I did not observe the footmarks of any other person in that direction; we looked for that purpose—there were a number of footmarks, but they all appeared to be like them.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say that there were no footmarks of other shoes in the waste ground at all in that direction? A. I did not particularly notice—I made I think seven or eight impressions—I have not brought any of them here—I took nobody with me on the part of the prisoner to the examination—I first made a mark beside the impression and then put the shoe into the mark to make certain—it appeared as if the person had jumped from the palings—there was a mark about a foot or a foot and a half from the palings, just as a person might jump down from a fence—there is no gate there—there is no fence between the building and the place where the footmarks ceased—there is a gate leading from the building into the Horseferry-road, it leads through the timber-yard; there is no other gate—I know nothing of that locality—I was on duty on my beat, the fire called my atten-tion

—my beat was in North-street, behind Stepney Church—I did not notice the trace of other persons' feet on the vacant ground—I directed my attention to these marks only—I could not swear that there were not marks of many other feet.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. ou traced the footsteps along from the palings to another point near the fire? A. es; I did not find any other continuous footsteps along that line—if there had been I must have observed them.





WILLIAM MEEDY
, (policeman, K 393). I went with Oliver and these shoes to the ground connected with Mr. Adams' building—about ten yards up the fence on the inside, the part nearest Broad-street, there were two indentations of feet within about three quarters of a yard of the paling—they were two deep marks, about a foot apart—I placed the boots in those marks—those marks did not bear the appearance of nails—I placed the shoes beside, and the impression that was made bore an exact resemblance to the first impression—that was the same with both the feet—I afterwards put the boots into the marks, and found them to fit exactly—from those two deep indentations I traced the marks to within fifteen yards of where the fire was—I examined the footmarks all along—there did not appear to be the footmarks of any other person—I traced the same marks back again, the impression of the right boot more particularly—the ground being harder there, and the boot pressing hard on the earth, the nails brightened the earth, and I could distinguish the absence of one nail in the waist of the boot, and five other nails(pointing it out), these marks were clearly shown—I counted the impressions of these five nails distinctly—I only did that with one impression—I noticed a piece of tar, or some substance on the waist of the left boot—I observed marks of that on the first footmarks; the indentations—I also compared the size of the boots and the shape generally—I placed them in, and I found the heels to correspond exactly with the heels of the marks—I did not trace any nails connected with the left boot; I did not look so particularly at that as I did at the right—the other constable kept the boots—we examined them together.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there not other footmarks on that vacant ground? A. Yes, there were other footmarks—we went through Mr. Adams's premises, on to the waste ground, and the first thing we saw was the returning footsteps, we then went to search for the coming footsteps—we began at the Horseferry-branch-road part—we found a deeper impression there than at any other part—I saw footmarks about fifteen yards from the building.





THOMAS WRAKE RATCLIFF
. I am acquainted with the premises which were burnt down—they were in the occupation of Mr. Joseph Adams—I am also acquainted with the leaseholders—they are Norman M'Leod and George Henry Stevenson, the executors of the late Mr. Ward.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. An attorney, and vestry-clerk of the parish—I know, of my own knowledge, of Mr. Adams being in possession of the premises—he is rated for them, and pays the rates—I have frequently seen him on the premises—he is not here—I do not know what has become of him—he was not before the Magistrate—the parish prosecute this case—Mr. Adams does not interfere in it, or Mr. M'Leod—I know Mr. Adams's name is Joseph—I have known him many years—I have seen him write his name.





EDWARD PEMBLE

re-examined. It was about half-past two or twenty minutes to three o'clock when I met the prisoner coming down Grove-lane—he had not been working at the engine—they had not then commenced.






RALPH DODD

re-examined. We manufactured ship's tops in Mr. Adams's warehouse. 


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner, upon which
MR. BALLANTINE
offered no evidence.)

Before Mr. Justice Maule.

