



177. 




GEORGE INGRAM



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; the goods of 



Erasmus Stevens, from his person; having been before convicted.






ERASMUS STEVENS
. I live in Chapel-place, Brixton-road. On 6th Nov., about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, I was walking in the Kennington-road, and the prisoner and another boy came running round me two or three times—the third time, I felt something at my coat behind —the witness Craig, who was riding in a cart with my wife, called out to me, and I missed my handkerchief from my right-hand coat-pocket—I had had it in my hand not five minutes before, and had put it into that pocket—my coat-lap was torn or cut nearly through—I ran after the prisoner, and saw him in Frederick's-place, about ten yards from where I had seen him first—he had my handkerchief in his hand—I caught hold of him just as he was going into a house in Frederick's-place, and struck him on the side of the head, and he threw the handkerchief down at my feet, and ran into the house—I called, "Police!"—a policeman came directly, and after some time we got admission—I gave him into custody, with the handkerchief—we found him just inside the door, with another boy.





JAMES CASTLETON
 (policeman,). I was called by Mr. Stevens to the door of 9, Frederick's-place—the door was opened after I had knocked a great many times, and I found the prisoner and one or two of his brothers standing behind it—Stevens pointed out the prisoner—I told him what I took him for—he said he knew nothing of it, that there was another boy there besides him.





JOHN CRAIG
. I was driving a cart on the evening of 6th Nov.—Stevens's wife was with me, and he was walking in the road—I saw two boys playing round him two or three times—I said, "Stevens, you are copped"—he said, "What do you mean?"—I said, "You are robbed"—I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of Stevens's pocket.





WILLIAM BROAD
 (policeman, L 82). I produce a certificate—(read—George Ingram, convicted here, Aug., 1850, of embezzlement, confined fourteen days, and once privately whipped)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person. 


GUILTY
.** Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

