



759. 




HENRY GILLMAN



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Isaac Salaman, and stealing 1 shawl, value 6s.; the goods of 



Betsy Salaman: and 6 curtains and 2 vases, value 27s.; the goods of Isaac Salaman.







BETSY SALAMAN
. I live with my father, Isaac Salaman, a feather-bed maker, in Lamb's Conduit-street. We keep the street-door open in the daytime, but the inner door is kept shut—on Friday morning, the 14th, six curtains, a shawl, and a pair of vases were safe; I missed them on the following Monday—these are them produced—the curtains were wrapped up in the shawl.

Prisoner. Q. Might not they have been gone before Monday? A. Yes; I do not know how the house was opened.





ANN CONNELL
. I am Mrs. Salaman's servant. I saw the curtains and shawl on Friday the 14th, and again on Monday the 17th, on a small table in the drawing-room.

Prisoner. Q. Did you touch them on the Monday? A. Yes; I moved them from one table to another—Mrs. Salamans discovered the loss between seven and eight on Monday, and asked me if I had moved them—I have never seen you in the neighbourhood—the door opens with a key.





WILLIAM HENRT LIBBIS
. I am a furniture dealer. I know the prisoner; be offered me these curtains and vases for sale on Friday; I gave him into custody.

Prisoner. Q. Have you not purchased articles of me on many occasions? A. Only once.





RICHARD SLAUGHTER
 (policeman, A 411.) I took the prisoner, found this shawl in his hat; I asked him where he got the curtains, he said, that was his business.
(The prisoner in a long defence stated that he purchased the articles of a Jew, in Cutler-street, Houndsditch, between three and four o'clock on Friday afternoon, and took them for sale to Libbis, who had known him before, who gave him into custody.)





WILLIAM M'MATH
 (City policeman, 77.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Nov., 1849, of stealing shawls and dresses—confined one year)—I was present—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
