



958. 




WILLIAM PEARSON



, stealing 2 counterpanes, 1 bedtick, and other articles, value 30s.; the goods of 



William Mailer; and 1 shirt, value 1s.; the goods of 



William Atkinson: having been before convicted.


MR. CARTER
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD MARTIN
 (policeman, S 404.) On 13th March, early in the morning, as I was going my rounds in Lower College-grove, I pushed against a wash-house door, it opened, and I saw the prisoner there kneeling down with a bundle and a basket—his hand was on the basket—I put my hand on his hat, he rose up and said, "I am done now; but I did it from want"—I took him into custody, and took the bundle and basket to the station—the bundle contained these two counterpanes and two shirts (produced) tied up in two handkerchiefs—they were wet—the basket contained a wet bed tick—the prisoner said the handkerchiefs were his own, and I gave them to him—there was a padlock on the door, which appeared to have been opened with some instrument, the hasp was banging loose.

Prisoner. I met him on the night of the robbery, and had a pint of beer with him. Witness. I did not meet you; I never saw you before.





MARY MALLER
. I am the wife of William Mailer, of 3, Lower College-grove, Camden-town. This wash-house is mine, and I left it safe locked with a padlock and staple at six in the evening, and I left two counterpanes and two sheets there in a tub of water—these are them—they were in my possession to wash.

Prisoner. Q. Were there not some sheets with these articles? A. No; there was another tub with sheets, that was not touched.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the policeman, and had a pint of beer with him, and went and did this job for him; I carried the things till we got to the station; I did not know I was going to be taken.





WILLIAM COOPER
 (policeman, 112 G.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction in the name of Carpenter—(read—Convicted at Clerkenwell, May, 1850, confined Six Months)—I was present—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.

