




349. 




JOHN MEAD
 and 




GEORGE DICKSON



. stealing 4 pigs, value 6l.; the property of 



William Grover.






GEORGE GROVER
. I am a farmer. My father's name is William Grover—I have seen four pigs which were shown to me by the policeman—they are my father's—I had seen them safe in his yard on the Monday week before I saw them again—I had seen the prisoners about the neighbourhood—I did not know their names.





WILLIAM PEARCE
. I am a labourer. I work for Mr. Grover—I saw the pigs that were shown by the policeman—they were Mr. William Grover's—I knew them—I had seen them on the Monday week before—they were then all right in the yard—I fed them—I afterwards missed them—we searched, but could not find them—I have seen the prisoners; they lived about three miles from Mr. Grover's.





RICHARD TAYLOR
. I am a butcher, and live at Uxbridge. On 19th Feb. I saw the prisoners at Uxbridge—they were coming out of Buckinghamshire into Middlesex—they were together, and had four pigs with them—I asked them the price of the two biggest pigs—they said the lowest price was 3l.—

the other two were smaller ones, and they asked 1l. apiece for them—I bid them 14s. apiece for them; they said I should have them for 16s.—I said I would give 15s.—they said I should have them—I told them to take them into the market—I did not pay for them—I saw Mr. Vagg buy the two largest ones for 22s. each—they were the same the prisoners had shown to me.

Dickson. Q. Did you buy the pigs of me? A. No; of the other prisoner, you did not say anything about them at all.





JOHN VAGG
. I am a butcher, and live at Uxbridge. On 19th Feb. the last witness called me to go and look at the prisoners with two pigs—the prisoners asked me 27s. apiece for them—I said I would give them 82s. for them, and after some time they said they would take it—all the four pigs were driven into my yard—I afterwards saw Mr. George Grover—he saw the same pigs that I and the last witness had bought of the prisoners.

Dickson. Q. Did you buy them of me? A. You were both acting in concert—I asked the other prisoner where they came from—he said from Amersham Common.





DANIEL SUDBURY
 (policeman, T 212). On 19th Feb. I went to Mr. Vagg's—I saw the two prisoners and the four pigs; I saw Mr. George Grover afterwards—he saw the same pigs that were in Mr. Vagg's yard.





RICHARD SUDBURY
 (police-serjeant, T 11). I took the two prisoners—Mead gave the name of John Sanders, and Dickson the name of George Sanders—I asked Mead where he got the pigs—he said he brought them from Amersham Common from his father—I went there, and found his father fell from a Church and killed himself some years before—several persons who came from Amersham were asked in the prisoners' presence if they knew them—they said they knew nothing about them.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoners were further charged with having been before convicted.)





GEORGE BARRETT
. I produce two certificates from Aylesbury—(read—John Mead, convicted on 3rd April, 1850—confined fifteen months; and George Dickson convicted at the same time, and confined fifteen months)—I was present—they are the persons.

MEAD—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

DICKSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Seven Years.

