



1424. 



MICHAEL MULLINS
 was indicted

 for a robbery with violence, with three others, on 



Mary Ann Smith, and stealing 1 half-crown and 2 shillings; her moneys: having been before convicted.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH SMITH
. I am single, and live at 18, West-street. On Saturday night, 13th July, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was with my sister, going home—I had a half-sovereign and a half-crown in my hand—when we got very near home, I was going to purchase some fish—a female came up, pushed against me, and called me bad names—I called her a brazen hussey—my sister told me to come on, and we went on towards home—the female overtook me, and three men followed her—the prisoner was one—the woman struck me, and knocked me down, and the money was taken out of my hand by the prisoner—he forced my hand open—my sister came to my assistance, and he took some money out of her hand, and struck her.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. There were a great number of persons about, were there not? A. Yes; I had never seen the woman before—there was no lamp near where I was knocked down—it was about tea minutes' walk from where I first encountered the woman—it was rather dark—I was greatly alarmed—there were a great many persons about us after we were knocked down—I did not see the prisoner afterwards, till I taw him at the station.





MARY ANN SMITH
. I was with my sister on Saturday night, 13th July—we were about to buy some fish—a woman came up, shoved against my sister, and used a very violent expression—my sister said to her, "Go on, you brazen hussey"—I said, "Come along Betsy, I know they are no good"—after we had got a little way, the woman came up without a bonnet and shawl, and knocked my sister down—the prisoner was with her, and two more men came up afterwards—the prisoner held my sister down, and laid hold of her hand—she said, "Mary, I am robbed"—she laid hold of the prisoner, and he gave a half-crown to a man with a white cap on—I held the prisoner by the coat, and he caught hold of my hand, and forced a half-crown and two shillings out of my hand, and while he was taking it I held him by the little finger with my teeth, and bit him to get my money from him—a man came and hit me under the jaw, and knocked me down—I saw the prisoner again in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, at the station— I knew him again, his finger was then bleeding.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you recollect that when you were before the Magistrate? A. Yes; he showed it to the Magistrate, and told him I had bitten it.





RALPH CREFFIELD
 (policeman, F 115). About half-past twelve o'clock

on Saturday night, 13th July, I was in Little Earl-street, and heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw the prisoner running very fast in a direction from where the robbery took place—I stepped him—a gentleman came up, and said he had assaulted two young women at the bottom of the street, but he did not know whether he had robbed them or not—the prisoner said he was not the party, but the gentleman was—I took him to the station, and searched him—he fell on his knees and begged for mercy—the gentleman said he did not wish to press the charge of assaulting him (he had assaulted him also)—just as we were going to let him go, the two females came in, and directly said, "That is the man that robbed us"—I observed that his little finger was bleeding.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you bear the girl state at the station that she had bitten his ringer? A. I did—the prisoner said he had got it in the struggle, as he was trying to part them from fighting.





JAMES STRINGER
 (policeman, C 193). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted Jan. 1849, of larceny from the person, and confined four months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Platt.

