



741. 




EDWARD TOBIN



, stealing 9 bagatelle-balls, value 30s.; the goods of 



Thomas Blondell: having been before convicted.






MARK LOOMBE
 (policeman, B 11.) On 1st Nov. I stopped eight bagatelle-balls, at Mr. Williams's, pawnbroker, Smith-street, Westminster—since then I have been in search of the prisoner, I took him into custody on 19th Feb., and told him it was for pledging some bagatelle-balls—he said they were given him by a friend to pledge, and he had been to Ireland since that time.





GEORGE WILLIAM HOWARD
. I am assistant to Mr. Williams—I produce eight bagatelle-balls, which were pledged on 1st Nov., for 2s. 6d., by the prisoner—I knew him before, and am quite sure he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time was it? A. Between five and seven o'clock in the evening; I refused to take them at first, and

he assured me they were his own—I knew him as a customer—we have 200 people a day pledge at our place, but I never took in any bagatelle-balls before or since—I have been there nearly three years—they are ordinary balls.





THOMAS BLONDELL
. I keep the Duke of Wellington, Shoreditch. These balls are mine—they have been originally billiard-balls—I can swear to this one with a black mark in it—regular bagatelle-balls have not that mark—I had them reduced in size, but the mark goes all through—there is also a mark on the black ball where it is worn—on 31st Oct. the prisoner slept at my house—I let him out in the morning, for the train, at half-past five—about nine I missed the balls from the bagatelle table—any person in the house could get to the bagatelle room, but the prisoner was the only stranger there that night.

Cross-examined. Q. That mark is put into hundreds of balls, I suppose? A. I never saw it in bagatelle-balls; they were safe at twelve o'clock at night, on 31st Oct., when we shut the bagatelle-room shatters—we open at seven in the morning.





RICHARD COUSENS
 (policeman, B 30.) I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court, Aug., 1849, Edward Tobin convicted of stealing nine bagatelle-balls, having been before convicted; confined, one year)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner. He is telling the truth; I have been convicted before.




GUILTY
 Aged 50.—


Transported for Seven Years.

