




1622. 




CHARLES BEST
 and 




JOHN KELLY



, robbery with violence, upon 



William Day, and stealing from his person, 1 watch, and 1 guard-chain, value 20l.; his property.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM DAY
. I am a trunk-maker, at 358, Strand. On Sunday, 27th July, I was on my way home on the right-hand side of White lion-street—I went up Mercer-street, which is in a line with White Lion-street, and continues to Long Acre—as I entered Mercer-street, I saw Best cross from the right side of Mercer-street to the left, upon that I crossed also—I followed; he was about fifteen or twenty yards in advance of me, he walked slowly, and I walked quickly, and came up with him—when I was about five yards from him I saw another man cross from the right-side to the left, towards where I was—when I came up to Best on the left-hand side, a pause took place for a second; he then let me pass about a foot, the other man was close to my back; we were in a manner all three together—when I got about a foot onwards, Best came and put one hand to the back of my neck, and the other in front; the other assisted him in strangling me, and I was made speechless directly—I cannot tell which gave me the most pressure—they kept me in that position for a second or two—Best leant over me, with his face within a foot of mine, and said "Press him tight," or, "Squeeze him tight"—I kept my hand on my watch, I was pressed tight, and became senseless—when I came to myself I was sitting on the pavement, and my watch and chain were gone—I called "Police!" but very faintly; a policeman came, and I went to the station—I was very ill, and kept my bed for five days—I was so hurt I could only be fed by a spoon, and with milk—I have not been able to attend to my business since—I have come from Rarasgate to attend this trial, and am going to return there—I did not notice Kelly's face—I cannot say whether be is the man that joined the other.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTOK. Q. Does Mercer-street run into Long Acre? A. Yes; in a line with White Lion-street; it is in a straight line from Seven Dials—Mercer-street and Long Acre are separated by Castle-street—I crossed Castle-street—I suppose Mercer-street is 100 or 150 yards long from Long Acre; I saw there was No. 72 in the street—I followed the first man, I did not see the other then—the first man was fifteen or twenty yards in front of me; I walked up to him, and overtook him—it had turned half-past 11 o'clock—I had been from home about an hour and a half, and had been to see a friend—I had had a wine-glass of spirit and water, not more—that was a quarter of an hour before I got to White Lion-street—I had it with a friend at Mr. Byrne's public-house; it was then about half-past ten—I remained there it might be an hour—Mr. Byrne is a prize-fighter—I had not supped at home—I left home about half-past nine, and had had nothing to drink after my tea—it was a fine night, it did not rain—I stopped to see a quarrel and fight, between a man and his wife—I got a faint sight of Best's face before he said, "Squeeze him tight"—when I recovered I saw Appleton smoking a pipe—he crossed over from the public-house; he says he lifted me up, but I do not know—he said something to me—I think he accompanied me to the station; I know the policeman went—I was confined to my bed four or five days—I saw the prisoners about a week afterwards at Bow-street—the officer came to me every day to see how I was, and he told me the men were to appear at Bow-street, and I was to attend and give evidence against them—the gaoler brought them out of a back cell, and brought them in front, and I said that one was one of the men who attacked me, but I could not swear to

the other—I remarked Best's dress on the night of the robbery; he seemed from his gait to be about thirty years of age—he had not got the action of a young sprightly man—he had a dark dress—I noticed no handkerchief about his face.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. How many houses are there in Mercer-street? A. I think I saw No. 72 or 73—I should think it is 150 yards long—this happened from seventeen to twenty yards up the street, on the left-hand side from Castle-street—Appleton came to my house three or four days afterwards, or longer—he only came once—I have never been to his house—I do not know Long at all; he has never been to my house.

MR. PLATT. Q. You said you had a faint sight of Best's face; was that while you were being pressed? A. I never saw his face until I was between the two—I had not a full view till he stooped his head to speak—I had not lost my senses then at all—it struck me, that if I could only keep my watch, somebody might come up before I was finished—I have no doubt Best is one of the men—I shall never forget him; I had a full view of his face, and saw his back before.





GEORGE APPLETON
. I am a labourer, of No. 11, Great St. Andrew-street. On 27th July, I was in Long Acre about half-past 11, or 25 minutes to 12 o'clock, standing at the corner of Mercer-street—the prisoners came up from St. Martin's-lane, and turned down Mercer-street—when they got to the bottom of Mercer-street they stopped and looked round—I then saw Mr. Day twelve or thirteen yards from me, coming towards me and them into Mercer-street—he passed them, and then they turned round and looked at him; they followed him, and he looked round—one went up on his right side, and the other behind him—I saw them put their hands up, and take hold of him by the neck—they both had hats on—they were about 100 yards from me up the street—they were some distance from the public-house at the corner—as they put their hands on him, they all three went down together—the prisoners got up; they walked some distance, and then ran away down Castle-street towards St. Martin's-lane—I went and found Mr. Day lying on his back with his legs cocked up—his face looked quite black, and tears were running down his cheeks; he could not speak for about a minute—I helped him up, and called for a policeman—two constables and a sergeant came, and he complained of having been robbed of a watch and chain, and described two men dressed in black—I knew the prisoners before they were put in gaol—I have known them thirteen or fourteen months—I used to see them every night at the Dials, when I was in the police—I saw no other man in the street on this night—a man named Wallis was before the Magistrate, and was discharged.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. How long had you been standing at the corner of Mercer-street? A. Not above three minutes; it is more than 100 yards from one end of Mercer-street to the other; I cannot say whether it is 200—at 12 o'clock at night you can stand in Long Acre, and see from the corner of Mercer-street through Castle-street, and can see the police on the Dials—I did not speak to the men as they passed me—I had spoken to them before, but I said nothing to them that night, nor they to me—I stood looking at them, it might be six or seven minutes—I was at the Long Acre corner of Mercer-street when I saw the gentleman coming into Mercer-street the prisoners were standing together in the middle of the street, when he passed them, as close as they are now, or closer—Mr. Day passed them about fifteen paces from them—he walked along the middle of the street up towards them, and passed them—I should think he had got sixteen or twenty yards from them when the attack was made on him—he was on the pavement

then, not in the middle of the street—he went on to the pavement when he had passed them about ten yards—when I first saw Mr. Day, he was coming from Seven Dials into Mercer-street—he was crossing the square—I was about twenty yards from the prisoners when they were standing in the middle of the street—I was still standing at the corner of the street when they went up to Mr. Day—they were then the whole distance of Mercer-street from me—they did not remain long on the ground when they fell—I did not begin to move till they got up and walked away; then I hastened down, and took Mr. Day by the arm—there is a public-house near where he was, about twenty yards round the corner—I had not been inside it—I was smoking my pipe—I did not go to the station till next day—the sergeant and two constables went after the prisoners in the direction I told them—I am a labourer—I was in the police about four months; I left a month ago, last Wednesday—before that, I lived with a lady as gardener at Bishopstoke—I was there three weeks, just doing, the garden up; I was an in-door servant—before that, I was at work on the railway; not as a navvy, but keeping the roads in repair—I was there about two months, I think, but I do not know—I can give you my character—before I was on the railway, I lived at home with my friends, and worked for Mr. Atkins, a gentleman at Bishopstoke—I was dismissed from the police for drinking with a person; that was the only reason I was dismissed—I should have gone home, if this case had not kept me here—I have not tried to get back into the police—I do not expect to get back into the police if the prisoners are convicted; I cannot swear I shall not go back—they have made me no offer—I did not mention the names of the two men I had seen, because I had forgotten them; but I described the men to sergeant Ashman.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. What were you doing? A. I was going home; I had been to the police-station to see a man who was a mate of mine when I was in the police, as I was going off home on Sunday—I went to him to advance me some money which he did, as I could only have got it on the Wednesday, which is our pay-day.

MR. PLAIT. Q. When you saw them take hold of Mr. Day, and saw them all three fall together, you were a considerable distance off? A. Yes, above 100 yards; and they appeared to be about ten yards in advance of him; but I swear they were all three together when they went down—that was immediately after I saw them join each other.





RICHARD LONG
. I am a gold-lace manufacturer, of 18, Mercer-street. On 27th July, a little before 12 o'clock, I was in my bedroom, which is on the second-floor, and looks into Mercer-street—I saw Mr. Day coming down White Lion-street into Mercer-street—he passed my house on the same side of the way—he had crossed from White Lion-street; I saw that—in about two minutes I saw the prisoners following him—they all three appeared close together—I saw Mr. Day fall, and the two men leaned over him; they then got up and went away—there were two other men waiting for them on the opposite side who went away first, and then the other two crossed the road and joined them, and they all four ran away together—on seeing that, I went out to Mr. Day—he seemed in a great state of agitation; tears were running down his eyes—I said, "Have you lost anything?"—he said, "Yes, I have lost my watch"—it was with great exertion that he was able to speak—I could see plainly; there was a gaslight on each side of the street, and a public-house with two burners in the bar-window, and one in the tap-room—there was a lamp opposite the gateway where it took place—my bedroom window does not exceed twenty yards from the scene; I have measured it—

I can positively swear to Kelly, but Best I only know by his external appear, ance—I saw him distinctly.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You were examined at the police-court? A. Yes; I did not hear Appleton examined—I was outside; being a witness, I was excluded—Appleton has made no statement to me—he told me at the station what he had seen.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Which side of Mercer-street is your house, going towards Long Acre? A. On the left; it is the first door in the street coming from Seven Dials—this occurred eighteen or twenty yards higher up, nearer Long Acre—my house is two stories high—I looked down on the scene—the next time I saw the men was at the station next evening—I think it was on the Monday evening, or, rather, between 1 and 2 o'clock in the morning, for I was called out of bed by the policeman—he said there was a man there; would I come down and see him, and I went to the station and recognised him.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-sergeant, F 1). I was on duty in Seven Dials on Sunday night, 27th July, a little before 12 o'clock—I heard a very faint cry of "Police!" which appeared to come from the end of Mercer-street—I ran to the spot with another constable, and saw Mr. Day reeling about in the middle of the street, crying, "Police!" in a very faint way—he appeared very much excited, and tears were running from his eyes—his face was rather discoloured—he seemed very much distressed, and said he had been robbed and strangled—I was obliged to hold him up, or he would have fallen—I took him to the station—I received information from Appleton that two men had gone round the corner dressed in dark clothes—I afterwards took Kelly.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Did Appleton tell you the names of the men? A. No; he did not say he knew them.

MR. PLATT. Q. Did he at any time mention the names to you? A. No; I did not see him afterwards till I had got the parties into custody—he mentioned their names before the Magistrate when he gave evidence.





GEORGE DUNHAM
 (policeman, F 57). From information I received, I took Best in Great St. Andrew's-street, Seven Dials—he had a black silk handkerchief round his head—he did not look as he does now—I told him I wanted him for robbing a man in Mercer-street on Sunday night—it was some little time before he answered me—he then said, "I have not been out of prison half a minute, and have not had time to breathe."

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. What time was it you apprehended him? A. A quarter past 1 on Tuesday morning—I had seen him before that day, but did not know he was wanted.

Witnesses for the Defence.






FREDERICK MITCHELL
. I am a general-dealer, and live 10, Charles-street, Drury-lane. I know Best—I do not know much of him—he did live at 11, Charles-street, next-door to me—I heard of this robbery on the Tuesday after the Sunday on which it occurred—I believe it was the 27th I saw Best on that Sunday, at 1 o'clock in the day, up in my place—he came up for his key, to go to his own room—he said the doctor was coming to lance his face, and he must go and get some hot water—my wife had looked after his wife while he was in prison, as she was ill, and she died on the Wednesday before, as he came out on the Saturday—when he got his key, he went to his own room—I went with him—he lit his fire, and made some water hot, and the doctor came, and lanced his face, and ordered him to put a linseed-meal poultice to it—he began to bathe his face—I remained with

him till he tied his face up—he said he had to go out to dinner—I believe be did go—I saw him again at three—he came up for his key, to go to his room again, to put a fresh poultice to his face, and be laid down till six in the evening—I then went up to his room, and called him to come and have some tea at my place, as we thought he must be rather lonesome—he came, and had some tea, and remained till a quarter before 11—he and I then went out together—we went to Mr. Nolan's, in Little St. Andrew-street—Best said there was to be a meeting there; but when we got there, there was no such thing, and we returned home again—he came home with me—he said he did not like to be out in the night-air with his face, for fear of catching cold—he came into my house, and remained there till half-past 12 (we got break about five minutes past 11); he then went to bed, and I took the caudle, and left him—I am quite sure this was on the Sunday as I heard of the robbery on the Tuesday.

Cross-examined by
MR. FLATT. Q. You say you are a general dealer? A. Yes; I deal in potatoes and fruit, in the streets, on a barrow; a costermonger—I am not living in Charles-street now; I now live in Short's-gardens, Drury-lane—I owed 6s. rent when I left Charles-street—Best was a stranger to me till he came out of prison on the Saturday—I did not see him till the Sunday—I had not known him before he went in prison—I was told he bad been in prison—I remember the day this occurred—it was Sunday three weeks—I kept it in my mind ever since—I was told to keep it in my mind by a gentleman outside—I do not know his name—it was a policeman—I asked him just now what day of the month last Sunday three weeks was—I had forgotten it—I knew it was Sunday three weeks, but I did not know the day of the month—Best had a very large abscess on his cheek, near the whisker—it was very bad indeed—I saw the doctor lance it—I do not know the doctor's name—he was not a very tall man, or very short—I know it was half-past twelve that he went to bed—I have not got a clock, but I went and asked the time—there is a clock in the room underneath mine, Mr. Smith's, the landlord's—I did not look at the clock myself—Mr. Brown, the deputy-landlord, told me it was half-past 12—I have never been in any trouble—I was never before a Magistrate, except to be apprenticed to a chimneysweeper—I was never in gaol, except to sweep the chimneys—my wife and a young woman who had attended on Best's wife were in the room with us—there was no other man there—I do not know the prisoner Kelly at all—I went to Bow-street at the last hearing, but was not called in, and said nothing at all about this.

MR. RIBTON. Q. When did you hear of Best being taken? A. On the Tuesday—I am sure it was the Sunday before that, that I am speaking of—I went to the police-court, to tell what I knew of it, but was not called—I do not know whether the prisoner had an attorney there—the handkerchief Best bad round his face was black, with white stripes.

COURT. Q. What was the meeting you went out to go to? A. I cannot say—Best asked if I would go, and I said yes—we did not go in—we met two young men who had been there, and they said there was to be no meeting—we went up Charles-street, across Drury-lane, and through Short's-gardens, and across the Seven Dials—we came back the same way—we left the two young men outside Nolan's house—it was a quarter to 11 o'clock that we set out, and 5 minutes after 11 when we got back—I only know the time by guess—we went straight there and back; we did not stop anywhere, and it would not take us above five minutes to walk from our place—I was not at home on the Saturday until night—Best did not come

home to his house on the Saturday night—I never saw him before the Sunday at 1—I did not know where he was going when he asked me to go at 11—he did not say what meeting it was to be—he said, "You may as well come for half-an-hour"—I went, and when we got there there was to be no raffle at all—it was to be a meeting or a raffle, I cannot say which.





GEORGE LOCKYER
. I am a warder in the House of Correction, Coldbath fields. I know Best—he was in that prison—he was let out on 26th July last—while he was in prison he had something the matter with his face, for which he was under treatment.

Cross-examined. Q. What was the state of his face when he came out? A. He had a small adhesive plaster on his face where it had been bad—it was very nearly healed up when he went out—it was not plumped up—I saw him the morning he was discharged—it could not have been very large then, for there was a very small plaster on it, I should say not the size of half-a-crown—I should say it did not then require poulticing; it had been poulticed some time previous—I should say it did not require lancing—it was almost healed—it had no other treatment but plaster applied to it for some period previous to his discharge—he did not wear a handkerchief then—he wore a bandage in the early part of June, when it was very bad—he had left it off when he went out, and had nothing on but a very small plaister—it was all but well, I should say, from his appearance.

MR. RIBTON. Q. How long before he left the prison bad he a poultice to it? A. During the early part of June he had a poultice and bandage, but that was discontinued.

COURT. Q. What o'clock was he let out on 26th June? A. About half-past nine in the morning.





FREDERICK WALDHAM
. I am assistant to the surgeon of Newgate. Since Best has been in Newgate he has been treated for an abscess on the cheek—he was treated for it the day after he came in—it was nearly well when be came in—I poulticed it—I could not tell whether it had been lanced—I believe it had, a few days before—it discharged when I put the poultice on—it was repeated over and over again—he was committed on 5th Aug.





WILLIAM WAITE
. I am a journeyman butcher, and live at 62, Broad-street, Bloomsbury; I work for Mr. Tilby, of 14, Newgate-street. I know Kelly—I heard on Tuesday, 29th July, of his being taken into custody on this charge—on the Sunday before that Tuesday he was at my place—from half-past 1 o'clock in the day till half-past 1 in the morning he never left my company—he dined with me at about 20 minutes to 2, at my house—we remained at home till 5 in the afternoon, and then went to a friend's house, named Fitzgerald, at Smart's-buildings, Holborn, where there was a christening—Mrs. Fitzgerald was there, and Mrs. Old ham, her mother—I remained there with Kelly till about 11 o'clock—we then went out together to see some friends part of the way home—there was me, Mrs. Fitzgerald, Mrs. Oldham, her husband, Kelly, and two friends—we went as far as the Seven-dials—we went and had a glass of something to drink together—we then parted with the two persons we went with, and returned to Mrs. Fitzgerald's house, and remained there till about half past one—Kelly was in my company all the time—I left him there—I heard on the Tuesday of his being taken.

Cross-examined. Q. What sort of people live in Smart's-buildings? A. They are mostly labouring people; I am the landlord of the house where the christening took place—I have never been in trouble; I was in trouble, but was not convicted—I was sent to this Court upon the paltry charge of taking 21bs. of beef, which my master allowed me to do, and I was honourably

acquitted—I was never in any other trouble—I am married, and have one child alive, and two buried—a cab man and his wife live overhead at my house—I do not know where Kelly lives—my wife has washed for him about twelve months; that was the cause of his being at my place—I do not know anything of Best—he was never at my place—I did not go before the Magistrate—I was brought here by the solicitor—he called on me—I had not said a word about this before that—I remember the time, on account of the baby being three weeks old, and it is three weeks since the christening—I should think it was about 10 minutes past 11 when we were at the Seven-dials—we were not near Mercer-street—it was not far off—I am not aware that any complaints have been made of my house, or of the characters assembling there—I must have heard it if any had been made.





SARAH OLDHAM
. I live at 5, Ferdinand-street, Camden-town; I am married. I have a daughter named Caroline Fitzgerald, living in Smart's-buildings, Holborn—I was there last Sunday three weeks, when she had a child christened—I dined there—I saw Kelly there at 5 o'clock that afternoon—he came with Waite—they remained there till about half-past 11—we then went out with a few friends, my husband, my daughter, and Kelly—I cannot exactly say where we went to, as I am quite a strauger about there—we went into a public-house, and had something to drink—we left our friends, and Kelly returned back with me, my husband, and daughter, and had supper—I left Waite and Kelly there at half-past one, and came home—he was in my sight from five o'clock till half-past one.

Cross-examined. Q. What makes you remember the time? A. I asked the time as I was going out, of a neighbour in the street; I did not look at any clock—I do not know whether we went near Long-acre or Mercer-street; I do not know the names of the streets—we came through an archway; they said it was Seven-dials—we had something to drink with our friends, and then returned to supper—I was before the Magistrate, but was not called, and said nothing about this—I was called on about it the day before yesterday—my daughter asked me if I knew anything about it, and the solicitor spoke tome yesterday—I told him the truth about it—my daughter is Fitzgerald's wife—he is a tailor—they occupy a room.

COURT. Q. Did you know Kelly before? A. No; I do not go to my daughter's perhaps once in six months, and I should not have been there then if she had not sent for me—I knew Waite before by sight; no further—I was never in his company before—my daughter went out with the baby with her friends—I do not know who the friends were—there were two men and two women—I do not know their names; they were entire strangers to me; I made no inquiry about them—we had a little porter for refreshment—I was called on by the attorney's clerk yesterday—he asked me the truth about it, and I told him—I had never seen Kelly before that Sunday—it was the christening of my daughter's first child.





CAROLINE FITZGERALD
. I am the daughter of Mrs. Oldham, and live in Smart's-buildings. My baby was christened on 27th of last month; that was last Sunday three weeks—my mother dined with me about 5 o'clock in the evening—the prisoner Kelly and Waite came in—they staid there till about half-past 1—I had several friends there—I went to see a young man and woman part of the way home, and Kelly, Waite, my father, and mother, also went, and we had something to drink—we then came back—Waite and Kelly same with us—Kelly never left my company till half-past 1—I heard of his being taken on the Tuesday following.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you look at any clock to ascertain the time?


A. No; I heard the Church clock, which is nearly facing us, strike I—was came back straight down Queen-street—the public-house we went to is in the Seven-dials—we did not come to Long-acre, or Mercer-street—we went straight up Short's-gardens—I do not know how far Short's-gardens is from Long-acre; I dare say it is a quarter of a mile—I went to the police-office when the prisoners were examined—I did not go inside—I went to speak for him, but I was not called—I did not speak to any one about it, but my mother—I am not married to Fitzgerald; I live with him—several people live in the house—I do not know their names—there is a young man and woman living downstairs, and Mrs. Bennett and her daughter live in the parlour, and a young man and woman up-stairs—I did not see Best that night; I never saw him till now—I have known Kelly three or four years; he worked at clog-making when I knew him first—I do not know what he has been doing since—he has visited at my place—Waite does not visit at our house.

COURT. Q. What is Fitzgerald? A. He is a tailor by trade—the friends I went to see home were a young man and a young woman—I do not know their names—I only knew them by seeing them—I met them the night before with a young woman I knew, and I invited them to my place; I do not know where they lived—we left them at the Seven-dials—it was only one man and woman, not two—we had something to drink there—there is a public-house near us.

JURY. Q. In what way has Kelly got his living for the last three or four years? A. I cannot tell—I have heard him complain of being out of work—he has not appeared in want—I know his father and mother—they live in London—he has lived with them when he has been out of employment—I believe his father works at the Foundling—I have not seen either of the persons since, whom I accompanied home; I believe they are in the habit of travelling about the country—I have known them for two or three months, but was not in the habit of speaking to them—I had only seen them once or twice as I stood at my door.

BEST—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

KELLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

Kelly was further charged with having been before convicted: to which he pleaded guilty. It was stated that both the prisoners had been repeatedly is custody, and that they had assaulted, and robbed another gentleman in a similar way, on the same night they robbed the prosecutor.






Transported for Life.

