




555. 



SAMUEL CROSS



, stealing 111 lbs, weight of copper, and other articles, value 5l.: the goods of the 

Eastern Counties Railway Company: and 




JOSEPH BALDWIN



, for feloniously receiving the same: to which


CROSS pleaded 


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






STEPHEN THORNTON
 (police-sergeant, A 26). I stopped the prisoner Cross near his own house—I found some property on him, and, in consequence of what he told me, I went to his desk at the Eastern Counties station—I found other property there—from what he told me, I afterwards went with two officers to Baldwin's, in Fox's-lane, Shadwell—I found Baldwin there, and there were men there—it is a general shop—the names of "James and Joseph Baldwin" is over the premises—I asked the prisoner if Mr. James Baldwin was at home—he said, no; he was gone home to his dinner, and he might return in half an hour, or it might be two or three hours—I told him I was a police-officer, and I had a warrant to search the premises for brass and copper, property stolen from the Eastern Counties Railway—I told him he had better send for his brother—he spoke to a person, who went with a message, and I asked that person when Mr. Baldwin was there last—he said he had not been on the premises since 10 o'clock in the morning—I asked the prisoner where the metal was kept—he said, "In that room," pointing to a shed leading from the counting-house—I said, "We must search it"—he said it was locked—I asked for the key—he said he had not got it—I said he had better send for it—that was before he had sent to his brother—we waited from 3 o'clock till 6, and I asked him again to find something to open the door—he said he could not find anything to open it—we asked him what he did with the metal which came to the house during the absence of his brother—he said, "I keep it in the counting-house till my brother comes home, and he puts it into the warehouse"—we broke the door open, and found about 1cwt. of metal—there were several parcels of copper tied up in the Weekly Times, with a description of string similar to that I had seen at Cross's house—there was a desk there, which the prisoner was frequently at—he was receiving goods at that time, and he was passing to and fro, making memorandums at the desk—I have searched for James Baldwin, and have not been able to find him.


Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Are these large premises? A. Yes; the place where the metal is kept is twelve or fourteen feet by ten—there was a load of goods at the warehouse door at the time—to the best of my recollection, there were two or three men there, besides those who came with the goods—I think there was a floor over the counting-house—I saw no room leading from the warehouse—a great many rags were in the yard—I found on the prisoner the bill of parcels of the goods that came in the cart, showing that he was acting for his brother—there are two doors to the counting-house, and one to the warehouse—a person who goes into the warehouse must go through the counting-house—there is a window of the counting-house which looks into the street—I am not positive whether there is one into the yard—I stopped Cross on the 14th, about 1 o'clock in the day; and on the 16th I went to the warehouse, about 3.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What sort of desk was the prisoner at? A. A sort of half desk, with a rail to it, and there was a passage along.
----OVENDEN (Thames policeman, 45). On the 16th I went to search Baldwin's house—I was left in possession—in the course of the evening I found six paper parcels, containing eleven pieces of copper—they were at the back of the desk, in the counting-house, and a coat over them—I had seen the prisoner Baldwin at that desk during that day—it was the desk that all the accounts were taken at—I staid there from about 3 o'clock till between 4 and 5 the next afternoon, about twenty-six hours—I was there all night—these six packages of copper were wrapped in the same sort of newspaper as the others, the Weekly Times.


Cross-examined. Q. What time did you find these pieces? A. Between 11 and 12 o'clock; my brother officer was there, and one of Mr. Baldwin's men.

BALDWIN—


NOT GUILTY
.
