




1180. 




JAMES KELLY
 and 




WILLIAM CARTER



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Paine, and stealing 6 coats, and other articles, value 24
l. 5s.; his property. MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY PAINE
. I am a tailor, and live at 234, Strand; it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Clement Danes. On the night of 7th April, I made the house and premises secure, about half-past eleven o'clock—I have a back-kitchen window, which is protected by iron bars outside—that window was shut that night, and the bars were in their proper places—I had a great many articles of clothing, and other things in my shop; they were all safe when I went to bed, and there was a pair of boots belonging to my foreman—next morning, I was disturbed about half-past five, by a servant—I went down, and found my shop in very great disorder, and goods lying about the floor in all directions—I went for a policeman—I examined the back window, and found it open, and the bars were wrenched out of the stones, that would enable any person to get in at that window, and having got in, they could get in the shop—the desk was open, and the papers that had been in it were all strewed about—several coats, waistcoats, and trowsers were missing; some waistcoat-pieces, buttons, and coat attachers, and the boots belonging to my foreman were gone—I have seen several of the articles since, in the hands of the officers—the value of the whole was about 25l.





HENRY DEIGHTON
. I am in the service of Mr. Spink, a pawnbroker, in Gracechurch-street. In the early part of April, two coats were pawned with me for 1l., I believe by the prisoner, Kelly—the same person came again on 16th April, took one of the coats out, and left the other for 15s.—he gave the name of Gayham—I could not swear positively, but I believe Kelly was; the man—on 15th April, a waistcoat was pawned by me, in the name of John Carter; I believe by Carter—I gave him a duplicate, which I have seen since in the hands of the officer—this is it (produced.)





EDWARD HENRY JONES
. I am in the employ of Mr. Barker, a pawnbroker, in Houndsditch. I produce a waistcoat pawned there on 16th April, in the name of John Mahoney—I believe by Kelly—this is the duplicate I gave.





THOMAS WILLIAM ROBINS
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker, in Whitechapel-road. I produce a coat and pair of trowsers, pawned on 11th April, in the name of John Young—I did not write this duplicate, nor see it given—the counterpart is in the same writing—it is the writing of the assistant, who has since left—I believe Carter was the man who pawned them—this is the duplicate given.





CHARLES HOLDER
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker, in High-street, Whitechapel. I produce four waistcoat-pieces, which I took in on 10th of

April, and gave a ticket in the name of John Carter—I have no doubt Carter is the man—this is the ticket.





CHARLES MILLS
 (policeman, K 306). In consequence of information, I apprehended Carter on 17th April—I found him near Arbour-square station, I took him into the station, and told him he was charged with being concerned with another person, not in custody, in stealing a quantity of coats, and other property—he did not say anything—I took off the coat that he was wearing—it has been since claimed by Mr. Paine—Carter said he bought it at Moses and Sons, a short time ago—when he was standing in the dock, I saw he had a piece of brown paper, I looked at it, and it contained the duplicate relative to those waistcoat-pieces which have just been produced—he said he bought the duplicate of a person of the name of Carter.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (police-sergeant, K 28). I apprehended Kelly on the night of 17th April, in Whitechapel. I told him he must consider himself in custody for being concerned, with another person in custody, for breaking into Mr. Paine's premises, a tailor, in the Strand, and stealing coats, waistcoats, and other articles—he said, "Well, well, well"—I took him to the station, and found on him six duplicates, five of which have been spoken to by the pawnbrokers here present—he had this pair of boots on, which have been claimed by Mr. Paine as belonging to his foreman—Kelly said, "These boots belong to me; I paid for them"—next day I went to the Saracen's Head, in Camomile-street, and found a deal box there, which had "W. Carter" cut on the lid—I showed it to Carter at the station, and he said, "That box belongs to me"—it contained a quantity of coat-attachers and buttons, which Mr. Paine has identified.





HENRY PAINE
. These articles are all mine—these boots belong to my foreman, and were in my house.

KELLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

CARTER—

GUILTY—Aged 20.
Of Receiving,—



Transported for Seven Years.

