



430. 




HORTON BATEMAN



. stealing 6s. 6d., the moneys of 



Jane Gilbert. 2nd COUNT, of 



John Gilbert. 3rd COUNT, of our 

Lady the Queen.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JANE GILBERT
. I live in Boston-street, Hackney-road, and am the wife of John Gilbert, who is in Newgate, having been convicted—on 17th March he had been so convicted, and on that day the prisoner came to me and asked if I was Mrs. Gilbert—I said, "Yes"—he said he had come from Newgate, where my husband was confined, and he had been in the same ward with him—I then asked him into the parlour, and asked him how my husband was—he said he was very well in his spirits, but was not able to take the food they had for their breakfast, and he said he should get him in a little chocolate—I asked him what sort of chocolate I should get—he said, "Roll chocolate"—I asked him where I could get such chocolate, and he said he could get it for me as he went along—I asked him how much it would cost—he said, "4s., 2s. a roll"—I gave him 4s.—he then said he could get my husband in, the Weekly Dispatch to read—he did not say what that would cost, but I gave him 1s. for it—he then said I could write a letter to my husband, and he could get it in—I said I could not write—he said he would write one for me, and I could put my name to it—he then wrote a letter, I told him what to put in it, and I signed my name—he then said if I would give him 4s. and a half-crown piece he could get it in to my husband in the letter, and I gave him 4s. and a half-crown, which he put into the letter, and put the letter into an envelope—I cannot say whether he wetted the envelope, but I saw him put his finger on it as if to make it stick—I do not recollect whether he wrote anything outside—he put it into his pocket and left, telling me he would get it in to my husband that night—he called again next day, said he had got the letter, money, and chocolate quite safe to my husband, and he had heard my husband had got into trouble by lending his pencil to another man, and had got put into the dark hole, and wanted to see me very badly, and if I would let him, the prisoner, have a sovereign, he could get it into the prison, and that it would be the cause of my husband being better treated, and he would be able to make some use of it—I told him I had not got a sovereign—he said he had half-a-sovereign he could lend me, if I had

a half-sovereign to put to it—I did not do so, I bad not got one—he then left, and I did not see him again till he was in custody—I had an order from Sheriff Millard to see my husband, and I learned the truth from him.

Prisoner. Q. Are you sure you gave me 11s. 6d.? A. Yes; it was not 10s. 6d.—I do not recollect you saying that you meant to get the things in by a boy—I do not know how you were going to get them in—I have not, nor has any person connected with me, to my knowledge, given any officers of the prison where my husband is confined, any money—I swear I have not done so myself—I swear I did not tell you when you called that I had done so—I have only received one letter written in ink from my husband since his committal, I have not received any written in pencil—I have not received any letters directed "Gilbert and Co., Boston-street, Hackney-road," with "private" on them, and inside "my dear wife"—I said at the station that I had never seen you before, because it was dark, and you looked very different—I do not recollect that I ever said I would not prosecute you—I should recollect it if I had said so.

MR. RYLAND. Q. When you gave him the 6s. 6d. did he say he would deliver it to your husband? A. Yes.





JOHN GILBERT
 (a prisoner). I am the husband of the last witness. I now come out of Newgate—in March I was in Newgate, under sentence—the prisoner was in the same ward with me about ten days—he learnt from me that I was married, and where my wife lived—I do not know when he was discharged, but he was taken out of the ward where I was about 13th March, for robbing one of the prison officers—he said he was going out on the following week—I did not see him on the day, or shortly before he was discharged—I did not send any message to my wife by him—I did not see him after he left the ward till he was again in custody—he never brought me a letter or any money from my wife—it is not true that I got into disgrace and was put into the black hole.

Prisoner. Q. Do you remember sending two letters to your wife written in pencil? A. No; I did give you one, which you promised to send out—I did not hear subsequently that that had reached my wife, and I have reason to believe it did not reach her—I believe the one that was written was written in pencil, and I asked you to direct it in ink—I was not aware that letters could be got in privately, only you told me they could—I had never at that time beard from any one else that that had been done; I have heard it stated so since, but I have no means of knowing that it was the case—I saw you destroy an envelope which another prisoner had given you.





MR. WILLIAM WADHAM COPE
. I am the Governor of Newgate. The prisoner and the last witness were in my custody in Newgate, both under sentence—for about fourteen days they were in the same ward—the prisoner was discharged on 15th March—it is not true that Gilbert has misconducted himself in any way, and been punished; on the contrary, he is one of the best conducted men in the prison.

Prisoner. Q. Was not Gilbert tried before me? A. Yes, for putting a second bill in circulation.

MR. RYLAND. Q. You say Bateman was discharged on 15th, was he ever there again until he was again in custody? A. No; I can undertake to say I never saw him—the prison regulations do not admit of letters, chocolate, or other articles being privately brought into or out of the gaol—it would not be an easy thing to do that—every thing that comes for a prisoner passes through five or six different hands.

Prisoner. Q. Have you not, since I have been in custody on this charge

ascertained that things can easily be privately sent out? A. No; I have not ascertained that that can easily be done; I have heard that such things have been done—I did not hear that from a prisoner.

COURT. Q. Letters? A. Yes; I believe the prisoner has frequently done it—I have been deceived, not through my own officers, but through another person.





EDWARD FUNNELL
 (City-policeman, 32). I apprehended the prisoner, and told him the charge—I searched him, and found a penknife on him.

Prisoner. Q. Did not Mrs. Gilbert state at the station that she had never seen me before? A. No; she said she did not know that you were the same person, and that she should like to see you by daylight—she did not say she would not prosecute—she did not make a charge—she left her name and address, and I charged you myself—when I took you, you confessed you had bad 10s. 6d. from her, to get her husband some things into prison—you did not tell me that you had obtained it under false pretences.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Was it dark when the prosecutrix was first at the station? A. Yes; I was present when she saw him next day; she was then positive of him; she knew him by his voice—I took him on 27th; I had only been looking for him that day.
(The prisoner wished to address the Jury on the depositions, without their being put in evidence, to show certain discrepancies between the witnesses' statements. The Court decided that, in order to do so, the depositions must be read: and having cautioned the prisoner that that would entitle the Counsel for the prosecution to a reply, allowed the prisoner to comment upon the depositions in his address.)

The prisoner, in his defence, called the attention of the Jury to the variances in the evidence. That Gilbert stated, "I never gave him her address;" and in cross-examination by him (the prisoner), "I never gave him the address of my wife, in pencil, or otherwise;" that he (the prisoner) then turned to the Alderman and stated that the case was perjury from beginning to end; upon which Gilbert stated, "I certainly did give you a letter with my wife's address on it in pencil, and asked you to write it in ink;" that he further stated "To the best of my belief, I only gave you one letter, and I heard from my wife subsequently that the had reached her hands;" and that the wife now swore she had never received it; that he (Gilbert) had only written one letter; and he afterwards stated, "I am not positive whether that letter reached her hands, or a previous one;" that he (Gilbert) knowing the hardships of the prison, and that he (Bateman) was going out in a few days, requested him to ask his (Gilbert's) wife for the money, to procure the articles; and that he having declined to do so, Gilbert wrote to his wife, and requested him (Bateman) to call on her for the articles.)





JANE GILBERT

re-examined. I have only received one letter from my husband—that was after the prisoner had been to me for the money—I have never received any letter in pencil.
(The whole of the depositions were then read.)

COURT
to
JOHN GILLERT. Q. I will just read you your cross-examination by the prisoner when before the Alderman: "I never gave you the address of my wife, either in pencil or otherwise—I must beg pardon, I certainly did give you a letter, with my wife's address written on it in pencil, while you were in the ward with me, and I asked you to write it in ink, but I did not give it you for any other purpose, or request you to see my wife—to the beat of my recollection, I only gave you one letter, and I heard from my wife subsequently that that had reached her hands—I am not positive whether that

letter reached her hands, or a previous one which I had written; I cannot say that I wrote a letter in pencil, and gave it to you to write in ink; I think the address was written in pencil, but I am not positive whether the whole of the letter was written in pencil or not." Can you explain that, "I only gave you one letter, and I heard from my wife subsequently that that had reached her hands?" A. I had sent a letter out by another prisoner, who was leaving the ward previously—I never heard that the one I gave to Bateman reached my wife—I thought it was that one.

COURT
to
JANE GILBERT. Q. Did you ever receive any other letter from your husband that came by another man? A. No; there was another man came with a piece of paper, with my direction on it, but he did not give it me—he told me how my husband was, and I gave him 2s. for coming, but he did not ask for anything.

MR. RYLAND
replied.





GUILTY
.
(He was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOHN WRIGHT
 (City policeman, 647). I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Henry Bateman convicted, June, 1851, of breaking and entering a dwelling-house, and stealing 20 sovereigns, and a quantity of wearing apparel; confined nine months in Newgate)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.

GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

