



1796. 




JOSEPH BROWN



, stealing whilst employed under the Postoffice, a letter, containing 1 shilling, 1 sovereign, and 3 postage stamp; the property of 

Her Majesty's Post-master General.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WALTER ROBERTSON SCULTHORPE
. I am one of the presidents of the General Post-office. In consequence of what had reached me in my official capacity, on 6th Aug. I made up a letter, and addressed it to Mr. James Hyam: Letherington, Wisbeach, Cambridgeshire—I enclosed in it a sovereign a shilling, and three 2d. postage stamps—I marked them before enclosing them in the letter, in the presence of Mr. Cole, the inspector—I sealed the letter, and delivered it to Peak, the constable, about 12 o'clock in the day—if that letter was then posted at Highgate, it ought to have reached the General Post-office about half-past 2—the letters come from Highgate in a bag—I was at the General Post-office when the bag arrived, and opened it; the letter was not in it—the letter-bill accompanied the letters in the bag—I have it here—it describes the letters as 49 unpaid and stamped letters, and is paid, 1s. 6d.—I found the contents of the bag corresponded with the bill—on this discovery I proceeded to Highgate, with Peak, the officer, and Mr. Cole—I made some inquiry at the post-office at Highgate, in consequence which I directed Peak to go in search of the prisoner—he was at that time an auxiliary deliverer of letters there—Peak returned to the Post-office,

accompanied by the prisoner, and he produced a sovereign, a shilling, and three 2d. postage stamps—they were the same I had enclosed in the letter—Peak said, in the prisoner's presence, that he had taken them from the prisoner pocket—I said, "This is my money and postage stamps"—the prisoner said he had had them for a fortnight—I gave him into custody—I had the letter-bill with me—I asked the prisoner whether they were his figures; he said they were.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is it within your knowledge what wages the prisoner had? A. Thirteen shillings a week—he bad an extra duty, which brought him in 3s. a week—if he was lucky he made 16s. a week—I am sure he had some pay for the extra duty, at least I have it from the letter-carrier whose duty he did—he took on himself the duty of another letter-carrier, and got what he could out of him—the 3s. did not come from the public money.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a constable, attached to the Post-office. I received this letter from Mr. Sculthorpe, on 26th Aug.—I put it into the Highgate post-office at 5 minutes past 1; I then returned to London—I saw Mr. Sculthorpe again, about half-past two, and accompanied him back again to Highgate; we got there about half-past three—we went to seek for the letter which was missing, and which I had posted—I afterwards went in search of the prisoner—I found him in Highgate, delivering letters—Mr. Cole, who was with me, asked him whether he had made up the collection—he at first said no, and pointed to Mr. Haynes, the assistant to Mr. Lloyd, the post-master of Highgate, who was with us at the time—we then asked him if he did not make up the half-past 1 collection—he said he did, and cleared the box—it was then told him that a letter was missing, and Mr. Cole read the address of the letter—he said he knew nothing at all about it—I then put my hand into his trowsers pocket, and took out a sovereign, a shilling, three postage stamps, oae sixpence, and 31/2 d. in copper—I handed the sovereign to Mr. Cole, and be identified it as being the one in the letter which I had posted—I then took him to the post-office at Highgate, and showed the money and stamps to Mr. Sculthorpe; he also identified it as being the money that was in the letter, and asked the prisoner to account for it—he said he had had it about a fortnight—I then took him into custody.





RICHARD KELHAM
. I am assistant at the Highgate post-office. On 26th Aug. the prisoner was on duty there; he made up the collection for the half-past 1 o'clock bag; I saw him about it—that bag was despatched to London in the ordinary way.

MR. SCULTHORPE
re-examined. This sovereign, shilling, and stamps are the same—I find my mark on them.
(Thomas W. Jones, Esq., ship-owner; residing at the Grove, Highgate; Josiah Wilkinson, Esq., barrister-at-law, of Highgate; John Biddlestone, Stephen Fleming, James Sims, Samuel Atkins, Thomas Morgan, and William Toyne, all of Highgate, deposed to the prisoner's good character for many pars,)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the


Jury—


Transported for Ten Years
.

Before Mr. Justice Talfourd.
