



930. 




ANN FURNER



, stealing 2 dressing-cases, 6 rings, 3 bracelets, and other articles, value 80l.; the goods of 



Thomas Hillman, in the dwelling-house of the said 



Ann Furner: having been before convicted. MR. BODKIN

conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS HILLMAN
. I am chief clerk at an Insurance-office. I lived at the prisoner's house, 57, Beaumont-street, Marylebone, with my family, for three months—there was no male person that I was aware of in the house: but a relation of the prisoner's, a widow, did the down-stairs work—on 8th Feb. I got home to dinner about six o'clock—I remained there a very few minutes, as I bad to go out to our chambers—I returned in a quarter of an hour, and the prisoner asked me if I had seen any man going out—I said, no, I had seen no one near the house—she said as she was in the kitchen she thought she beard some one in the passage, and thought it very likely there had been a robbery committed—she said, "It is very probable there is a man up-stairs now"—I desired some persons passing by to fetch the police—the prisoner said, "I will go for a policeman myself," and went outside for four or five minutes—I remained at the door the whole time, and no one passed me either way while she was gone—I saw the other woman coming down-stairs with a light in her band—she said she thought there was a man under the bed up-stairs—she seemed rather flurried; her hair was falling about—at that time the police had arrived—we immediately went up-stairs—the prisoner pointed to a cloak on the floor, and said, "There's your man"—the drawer of my daughter's dressing-case was under the cloak—the place was in disorder, and everything lying about—I missed articles of jewellery and wearing-apparel, and two 5l. bank-notes—my loss altogether was between 80l. and 90l. at the least.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I and my sister-in-law come down-stairs together? A. You might have done so afterwards; there was a great deal of confusion—I do not know whether your hair was disordered, or whether you both came down screaming.






CHARLES BATTERSBEE
 (police-sergeant, D 4). I was called to the house about seven o'clock—I found the prisoner, her sister, and a man named Sanderson, there, who was sitting by the kitchen fire, and wanted to know my business there—he appeared to bean acquaintance of the prisoner's—I examined every part of the house, but found no one, or any appearance of any one having entered—I received information, and that day week I went there again, found the prisoner, and told her I had traced one of the stolen notes as being passed by her at Shoolbred's, in Tottenham-court-road, and I must take her into custody—she said, "If you must take me, let me go up, and wash and dress myself, and change my clothes"—I said, "You may go, but I must go with you"—she went into a bedroom, and after she had been there a little while I opened the door, and she was at a desk on the drawers—I inspected it, and found it contained twenty-eight duplicates, but not referring to this property—I left the room again, leaving the door ajar about an inch—I waited outside, and heard her say to a little girl, ten or twelve years old, who was with her, "Oh, dear! oh, dear, what a fool I was to go so near!"—I had told her about Shoolbred's then—I have made inquiries at 15, Euston-square, and find no person named Bennett ever lived there.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you ask me to change my dress? A. No; you did not change it twice—I brought a person from Shoolbred's, and told him he should see two females; to pick out the person who changed the note—as soon as you came in he said, "That is the woman, but she had a darker bonnet on"—he had requested you to put your bonnet on—I know that your father was transported—I did not reproach you with it, or with your having been formerly convicted—you made some slight objection to my opening your boxes—when you said, "Oh, dear, what a fool I was!" you had got your hand to your side; you were four yards from the bed-post; I do not know that you had struck yourself—the two sixpences found on you paid for a cab, because you would not walk; and 4d. was paid for some coffee, which you sent for.





MARY ANN BRIDGE
. I am searcher at the station-house, Marylebone. I searched the prisoner, and found on her some keys, duplicates, and this purse, with a 4d.-piece in it—the duplicate is for a brooch and ring.

Prisoner. Q. Were there not two sixpences in it? A. No.





SARAH HILLMAN
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On 8th Feb. I missed a great many things and amongst them two 5l.-notes out of three which I had received from Mr. Charles Palmer, in an amount of 25l.—I had paid one of the three to the prisoner for rent on the 21st, three weeks before the robbery.

Prisoner. Q. What time did you leave the house on the Monday after the robbery? A. Directly after breakfast; I arranged the linen, it was then about eleven o'clock—I then went to Brompton-square—I did not go to Shoolbred's shop, nor did either of my daughters, nor did either of them change a 5l.-note at Worthing—I do not remember the number of the 5l.-note I paid you.





RICHARD ADEY BAILEY
. I am a clerk in the Accountant's-office, Bank of England. I produce two 5l. notes, Nos. 30769, and 80770, dated 3rd, Dec. 1850—one came under my notice on 12th, and the other on 15th Feb.—it is impossible to say who made the entry in the books.





THOMAS APPLKGARTH
. I am cashier to Messrs. Shoolbred. This note,

No. 80769, has the name of "Hunt" on it, in my writing—I received it from Hunt, I do not know when—we keep an account at Jones Loyd, and Co.'s—I think we pay in every morning.





NEWMAN HENRY HUNT
. I am in Messrs. Shoolbred's employ. On Monday 10th Feb., between eleven and one o'clock, the prisoner came to the shop, and purchased something amounting to 5d.; she was my first customer that day—she took a 5l.-note out of a green square purse lined with red, the one produced, and gave it to me—I saw gold in the purse, a sovereign or a half-sovereign—I asked her name and address; she said, "Mrs. Bennett, 15, Euston-square," which I wrote across the note—it it here now—I gave it to Applegarth.

Prisoner. Q. What article did the person, who you mistake for me, purchase? A. I am not able to say, it was not my place to make any remark upon your giving me a 5l.-note when you had gold—when I went to identify you, you changed your dress, but not at the first bidding—I said I knew you, but I should like to see you in the brown straw bonnet which you came to the shop in, and you went away and came down in a brown velvet one—the sergeant requested you to change it, and you afterwards came down in a brown straw one.

Prisoner. Q. Why did you leave your master's service? A. To go into the country to see my father, who was ill—I never saw Alfred Coker till the examination—I have bad a glass or two of beer with the sergeant after the examinations—I positively swear to you.





JAMES FELL
. I am chief clerk at Marylebone police-court. I produce a note of the prisoner's statement there—(reads—"I have not been in Shoolbred's shop for five or six years; I was not out of my house that day, till a quarter to eight o'clock in the evening.")





ALFRED COKER
. I live at 10, East-street, Manchester-square, and know the prisoner. On 10th Feb. I saw her come out of her house, 57, Beaumont-street, and go towards Tottenham-court-road—I was a coach-maker's labourer, and was looking for work; I have since entered the army—I lost sight of the prisoner in Great Marylebone-street—I have known her about twelve months, and have no doubt of it being her.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever speak to me in your life? A. No; I swear to you by sight; you bad a dark bonnet on—I have seen you sometimes twice a day, and sometimes three times, at the window—it was not Mrs. Hillman that I saw, it was you—I do not know whether you had a shawl or a cloak on—sergeant Battersbee first spoke to me about this on the Monday—I heard of the robbery, and said, "I saw her go out this morning"—he did not offer me drink.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You have lived near Beaumont-street some time? A. Five years—it may be fourteen months since I first knew the prisoner to live there—her face and person were familiar to me.





RICHARD EDWARD GIBBS
, Jun. On 7th Jan. I went to Barclay's, the banker's, with this check of ray father's, for 25l.—I received three 5l. Bank of England notes, and 10l. in gold, which I gave to my father.

Prisoner. Q. Did you give them into your father's hand? A. I laid them down wrapped up; there was no possibility of their being changed.
—GIBBS, Sen. I am Mrs. Hillman's brother. On 7th Jan. I sent this check by my son to be changed; he brought me three 5l.-notes and ten sovereigns, which I gave to Mr. Palmer to take to Mrs. Hillman, on Saturday.






CHARLES FELIX PALMER
. On 18th Jan. I received from Mr. Gibbs some notes and gold, and gave all he gave roe to Mrs. Hill man as I received them.

Prisoner. Q. Was it wrapped in paper, or loose? A. To the best of my knowledge the gold was wrapped in the notes—I counted the notes but cannot say now that there were three—I gave them to Mrs. Hillman within two days—there was no possibility of their being changed for any others.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Although you cannot tell us how much there was of each, what was the total amount? A. 25l.





JOHN MITCHELL
. I am a clerk, in Barclay's house. I produce the check which I entered in the book (produced)—on 17th Jan. I paid three 5l.-notes Nos. 30769, 30770, and 30771, all dated 3rd Dec, 1850; and ten sovereigns.





GEORGE COTTERELL
. I keep the Shepherd and Flock, High-street, Marylebone, near Beaumont-street. About ten days or a fortnight before I heard of the robbery, a little girl, a relation of the prisoner's, brought a 5l.-note to me, I changed it and wrote on it—it is neither of there produced.

Prisoner. Q. What did you write on it? A. "57, Beaumont-street"—I have frequently changed notes for you.

Prisoner's Defence. On Monday, 10th Feb., I did not leave home till a quarter to eight o'clock in the evening—there is only my sister-in-law and the little girl to prove it; my other witnesses are not able to be here; I am entirely unprotected.

The Prisoner called






ELIZA HUXLEY
. I was frequently with the prisoner in Beaumont-street—she has been in bad health until the last three months, and has been staying at another part of the town—on the day in question we both came down-stairs together screaming—I was not out of the house after the robbery was committed—the prisoner fetched a policeman—no one left the house after five o'clock that night—Mrs. Hillman went out before dinner—I do not remember that Mr. Hillman went out after dinner—there was no objection made to the house being searched on the Tuesday following—the prisoner immediately went to her bedroom, and unlocked a desk, and even the secret drawers of it—everything in the place was examined—there was not a particle of stolen property found—the prisoner was up-stairs with Mrs. Hillman till eleven that day—I remember Mrs. Hillman saying she did not know what she had in her dressing-case, except a diamond ring—Mr. Govett was in the house a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes—after he left she came down-stairs to me, and remained there—I asked her to prepare Mr. Hillman's lunch—she prepared it and took it up, and she did not leave the room again till after we had our meals—she was not out of my sight all day, except while speaking to Mr. Govett—James Sanderson never lived in the house—he is my cousin—I went to him according to the prisoner's request, but he is not here.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you endeavoured to bring him here? A. I gave him notice—he is to be found at 5, High-street, Highgate—I saw him there the evening before last—I think he lodges at an eating-house—I do not know the name of the people who keep it—he was gone to bed, and was called up to speak to me—Mr. Govett is a surgeon—he is now living in Gray's-inn-lane—he is now in Leicestershire—

was in the house on Monday, and also on Saturday all day—I think I came down from Mrs. Hill man's room about four o'clock in the afternoon of the robbery—a little girl who is here was with me—James Sanderson was not there—he left about eleven in the morning, and did not return till nine in the evening—he was not in the house when the police came; I swear that—I think Mrs. Hillman went out before Sanderson—I let Sanderson out—he took nothing with him—I am not the lady who came down with her hair about her head; it was Miss Furby, her sister—I followed her down—I did not tell Mr. Hillman I thought there was a man under the bed, or near the bed—my brother, whose name is Huxley, married the prisoner's sister—he is a gardener, and lives at Wilmington, in Kent—the girl is Eliza Allen—I have brought her here—I have not talked with her about what I was going to prove—I have only told her the nature of an oath—that was in case she should be asked that—I have not told her what to say at any time—she has been at her mother's, at Bexley, in Kent—I wrote for her, and she came up last Tuesday; since then she has been staying at my first cousin's, Mrs. Neale, 13, Welbourne-street, New North-road—I recommended her there to lodge—I was to pay for her being there—I took her there on Tuesday night—I have seen her there since—I have been sleeping there also—I heard of my relation being taken before a Magistrate on this charge, and that there was a remand, and two examinations—I did not attend and propose myself as a witness; I was too ill from the fright of the robbery—I am subject to fits, and excitement brings them on—I do not know why the little girl did not go—she was sent home immediately.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I write to you, and the little girl to attend at each examination? A. Yes; and you asked for the address of Mrs. Hillman's laundress to be left—it was in consequence of my nervousness and illness that I did not attend at the police-court.





ELIZA ALLEN
. On the Monday after the robbery, the prisoner did not go out during the day—I saw Mrs. Hillman go out; I do not remember the time—I went to the prisoner's bedroom, and brought her some clean linen—I did not see her strike herself against the bed—she changed her dress two or three times—I did not see the sergeant come into the room.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Mrs. Huxley? A. Yes; she brought me here to-day—she has not explained to me what is meant by taking an oath.





THOMAS ILLSEY
. On Monday, 10th Feb., I went to 57, Beaumont-street, between eleven and one o'clock, for the linen—a little girl opened the door to me—a young woman brought down the basket, book, and 2s. 11d. to me.

COURT. Q. You are employed by the washerwoman who washes for Mrs. Hillman? A. Yes; I cannot say whether the prisoner was the person who paid me; it was not Eliza Huxley.

MR. BODKIN
recalled






CHARLES BATTERSBEE
. I was at the three examinations of the prisoner—I saw Mrs. Huxley there each time, sitting outside, in the Hall—she appeared pretty well—I saw the little girl there once in her company—a person walking very slowly could go from the house in question to Shoolbred's in twelve or fifteen minutes.


MRS. HUXLEY. I wish to contradict that statement; I was not there—the first time I came I was fetched in a cab—the girl was never there.

COURT
to
ELIZA ALLEN. Q. Were you ever at the police-office? A. No.





ANDREW WYNESS
. I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Ann Furner, convicted April, 1845; of stealing from her master and confined eighteen months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

