



419. 




CHARLES CLIFFORD



. feloniously forging and uttering a receipt for 60l., with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARXSON
and
ARCHIBALD
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SAUNDERS
. I am a pay cashier in the London Joint Stock Battle, and have been so for twelve or thirteen years. I did not know the prisoner before his apprehension—I am aware that he had an account at the bank—I

cannot say when it was opened—it is usual to give a pass book to customers—this (produced) is the prisoner's pass book—this check (produced) was presented to me at the bank, on 4th Dec. 1851—I paid it—I did not look at the prisoner's account before I paid it—I did afterwards, when it was reported to me in the evening that the account was overdrawn by the payment of this check, I found only 5s. 5d. to his credit—I reported that to the manager of the bank—I was cashier at the bank in 1850—I never received a sum of 60l. from the prisoner in Oct. or Sept.—I never, under any circumstances, received any money from the prisoner or any person sent by him—here is an entry in this pass book on the credit side on 1st Oct. 1850, of cash 60l.—that is' not my writing—to the best of my belief it is not the handwriting of any clerk in the bank—that is the last entry on the credit side—no cashier in the bank has left since 1850.

Prisoner. Q. Have any of the cashiers died since 1850? A. I believe not: I am certain of it—there are about nine persons acting as cashiers—r am familiarly acquainted with them—I did not receive 60l. on 28th or 30th Sept.—I am not aware that there have been any complaints made as to any errors in the entries in the ledger, about the end of Sept. or beginning of Oct.—I cannot remember whether any of the ledger keepers have left the bank since Sept. or Oct.—it has never been known that a cashier has willingly or knowingly made a false entry in any pass book since I have been there—no clerk has been dismissed since Sept. 1850—I have no knowledge of the handwriting in which this entry of 60l. is made—there is an entry of 15l. on 26th Sept. 1850—that is the writing of Mr. John Burton.

COURT. Q. Is that the entry immediately preceding? A. Yes; he is now a cashier—at that time he was a ledger keeper—it is not my duty to receive, only to pay—when money is received the entry of it in the pass book is not always made by the clerk, who receives it; in fact that is the exception—if the customer wishes it entered in the pass book at the time, that is done by the clerk who receives it; but if the book Is left the entry is made by the ledger keeper—the cashier and the ledger keeper are the only persons authorised to make entries in the pass book.

Prisoner. Q. Is the entry of the 15l. made by the ledger keep? Q. Yes; I did not see the pass book in the house at the end of Sept. or any time during Oct. 1850—I have nothing to do with the pass books, and therefore cannot tell whether your pass book was asked for in Oct.—there is no writing of mine in this pass book—when a customer pays in money it is put into the till, and the pass book is left and made up by the ledger keeper—if the money paid in is notes they could be folded up and pinned together, and the name of the party paying them in would be written on them—I did not know your person.

COURT. Q. You say you paid this check inadvertently? A. Yes; bankers do allow customers to overdraw their accounts—I have sometimes paid checks under such circumstances by express permission; this was paid in error.





JOSEPH HALL
. I am a solicitor of 28, Moorgate-street. On 4th or 5th March last the prisoner called on me at my chambers on business—he asked me if I would allow my son to leave his pass book at the London Joint Stock Bank—I said, "Certainly," and sent him with it—I believe this is the book—I never bad it in my hand, but it is like it.

Prisoner. Q. How many times have you seen me for the last two or three months, previous to my being taken into custody? A. Perhaps two or three times in a week—I had no difficulty in finding you when I wanted you; I have seen you about the Exchange when I have passed that way—I

did not know where you lived—when I have asked for you I hare heard of you—I have seen you above perhaps two or three times within the last month, before you were taken—I never knew any actions brought against you for debt; I brought an action for you once, and I have written two or three letters for you.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was his place of business called the Hall of Commerce? A. Yes; he was a share dealer.





JAMES EDMUND HALL
. I am a son of last witness. On 4th or 5th March j took the prisoner's pass book for him to the London Joint-Stock Bank—he did not assign any reason to me why he could not take it himself.





JOHN LEWIS PATON
. I am a cashier in the London Joint Stock Bank. This check (produced) was presented there on 11th March by a woman, and was refused, the account being previously overpaid to the extent of nearly 12l.—I had compared the pass book with the account before this check was presented—no complaint was ever made by the prisoner that any money was omitted in his account—I did not receive 60l. from him in Oct., 1850—this entry of 60l. in the pass book is not my writing; nor, to the best of my knowledge, is it the writing of any clerk, cashier, or ledger keeper, in the house—I have been a cashier between eleven and twelve years.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever receive any cash from me? A. Not to my knowledge, not at any time—I have no knowledge of seeing your pass-book about the end of Sept. or beginning of Oct., 1850; I know nothing of its having been inquired for—there is no writing of mine in it—I cannot say in whose writing this entry of 15l. is—I do not think that any clerks have been dismissed since I have been in the bank—I have no idea how many have left—some have left within the last eighteen months—I do not know the handwriting of all the clerks in the bank—no clerk baa been taken up for any fraud committed in the bank since I have been there—no clerk has ever been known to keep back the pass book of a customer—I am not prepared to say who made up your pass book in 1850—there appear to be several checks entered at the beginning of 1850—the checks are invariably returned to the customer with the pass book—I do not know how many checks we have of yours.





ROBERT ALEXANDER BENTHAM
. I am assistant to Mr. Pollard, the manager of the bank. This (produced) is the form of letter written to customers whose accounts are overdrawn—about 5th Dec, 1851,1 became acquainted with the fact that the prisoner's account had been overdrawn; in consequence of that I went to make inquiries after him; among other place I went to the Hall of Commerce—that is the place to which he referred—I could learn nothing of him there—I also went to the Auction Mart, and to Garraways', to inquire after him—I hardly know what he was, but he was generally about the Stock Exchange—I made inquiries about him altogether for about two months, from time to time, but could learn nothing of him—I could not obtain his address—he has a brother—on 11th Dec I gave this letter to him for the prisoner—I applied to the messenger at the Hall of Commerce for his address, but could not learn it—I saw the prisoner's brother after I had given him the letter, and he told me what he had done with it—I never heard of any complaint made by the prisoner that 60l. had not been entered to his credit, or that he had 60l. credited which had not been drawn; I never heard any such suggestion.

Prisoner. Q. What situation did you hold in the bank in 1850? A. The same as I do now; I had nothing to do with the pass books—I did not receive any cash over the counter that I am aware of; I cannot say positively,

because if I saw anybody waiting probably I should come forward—if I did receive any I put it to the account of the person who paid it in—if required I should enter it in the pass book at the time; it is very often required—sometimes the customer takes the pass book away with him, and sometimes be leaves it—money is often paid in by one person to the account of another—I do not make up the pass* books—I do not know whose handwriting this pass book is last made up—I know the handwriting of very nearly all the clerks, those who have been there seven years certainly—one or two clerks have left in the last two years, perhaps more—I know their writing—I believe this entry of the 60l. is not the writing of any clerk in our house—is not the writing of any person I know—I do not recollect any mistake similar to this occurring since I have been in the bank—a sum may appear is a pass book which has been questioned, but this was twelve months before it was questioned—there may have been a complaint by a customer that money has been paid in on his account, and not credited to him—I do not recollect any charge of dishonesty against any clerk since I have been there—I never recollect taking any money of you—I am not aware that I have ever seen you in the house.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you ever received any money, either from him or any other customer, which you have not made a proper entry of, after placing it in the till? A. Never; we are not always free from errors, but no error of the kind alleged has been a month without being pointed out and corrected.





JAMES JOHN AMOS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Tilson, solicitors to the London Joint Stoke Bank. In consequence of instructions, I issued a plaint against the prisoner on 13th Jan. last for 11l. 14s. 9l., the balance of an overdrawn banking account—it was given to the officer of the Sheriffs' Court in London to serve—I afterwards applied to the officer, who said he could not serve it—I afterwards made inquiries for the prisoner at the Hall of Commerce and in the neighbourhood, but could not hear of him, and they could not give me bis address.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you inquire after me? A. I inquired of one or two persons in the neighbourhood of the Hall, and of the messenger—the persons I asked said they did not know you—the messenger said, "I believe be is a member; that is, I believe his subscription has not yet expired, but I have not seen him here for some months"—I did not ask the secretary to look in the book for your address—I did not inquire for you anywhere except at the Hall of Commerce, because they told me you had no place of business, you were only a member of the New Stock Exchange, not then existing—the summons was never served on you; we could not find you.





WILLIAM EDWARD HARRINGTON
. I am a receiving cashier in the London Joint Stock Bank. This entry in the pass book of 60l. on 1st March, 1850, is not my writing—it is not the writing of any cashier or ledger keeper in the bank that I know of—I did not receive that or any sum to the prisoner's credit on 1st Oct., 1850.

Prisoner. Q. Did you, on 80th Sept., receive any cash from me, or on my account? A, No; I do not recollect seeing you at the bank at all—I have been there ten years and three quarters—there is no writing of mine in this pass book—I do not know when I last saw this book in the bank—tow entry of 15l. is Mr. Burton's writing—I occasionally make up the pass books—i did not do so about that date—we have an accountant in the bank—I have no knowledge of any inquiry after your pass book in 1850—I do not know the writing of every clerk in the house.


MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know the handwriting of the receiving cashiers? A. Yes, and the paying cashiers also; this entry is not the writing of any of them—the cashier's books are made up every night—an error of 60l. would be detected at once.





WILLIAM EDWARD HAMILTON
. I am a clerk in the London Joint Stock Bank. These three entries on the debit side of the pass book of 10l., 5l., and 12l. were made by me on or about Tuesday, 9th March, 1852—I made them from the checks themselves—they were given to me to enter in the book—if the book had been in the bank, the entries would have been made at the checks were paid.

Prisoner. Q. When did you enter the 15l? A. I did not make that entry; I have only been six weeks in the bank.





HENRY THRUPP
. I am a ledger keeper in the London Joint Stock Bank. I kept the book containing the prisoner's account (producing it)—it is my duty to agree the pass book with the ledger—I made up the prisoner's pass book from this account in the ledger—there is no entry in the ledger of 60l. to the prisoner's credit—the other entries correspond with the pass book—a tick is placed against each item as it is agreed, both on the credit and debit side—then money is paid in, and the pass book is produced, it is entered at the time if the party wishes it—this entry of 1st Oct. in the pass book is not my writing; I do not know whose it is—I should say it is not the writing of any clerk in the bank—I am quite sure it is not the writing of any cashier or ledger keeper—I discovered this entry of the 60l. directly I opened the pass book—I was in the bank on 30th Sept., 1850—I did not receive any sum of 60l.; I never received any money at all—I have never been a cashier.

Prisoner. Q. Have you any knowledge of having seen me in the bank? A. No; I do not recollect your pass book being asked for. in Oct., 1850—this entry of 15l. is Mr. Burton's writing—that was paid in on 26th Sept., 1850—that appears in the ledger—I cannot say whether the pass book was left with it at the time; I should say not, from the circumstance of the entry being in the ledger keeper's writing—if entered at the time, it would he in the cashier's writing—there are one or two ledger keepers, who occasionally assist in taking cash on busy days—no one has a right to make an entry in a pass hook but a cashier or ledger keeper—I cannot tell bow many clerks have lift the bank in the last two years, probably six or seven—they left of their own accord—no cashier or ledger keeper has left—none of the clerks who hive left attended at the counter on busy days—we have three cheeks of yours in our possession.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You see some entries on the credit side of the pass book of 10l., 5l., and 12l? A. Yes; from those entries not being made until 9th March last, and the payments being in 1850, it would indicate that the pass book was with the customer in the interval, and not with us—I had no idea that the pass book was in the bank till it was brought by young Mr. Holl, on 4th or 5th March last.





JOHN BURTON
. I was one of the ledger keepers in the London Joint Stock Bank in the autumn of 1850. I kept the prisoner's account at that time—this entry of "Cash, 15l.," in the pass book, on 26th Sept., is my writing—I cannot tell when this pass book last came into my hand—it was some time between 26th Sept. and the end of the year 1850—I know that because the book is not balanced, and if it had been in the house at the end of 1850 it would have been balanced—if the pass book is left one day, it is our practice to make it up the next—the fact of the three entries not being made till 9th March, 1852, show most positively that the book had not been in the

bank till that time—they would be put into the pass book from the ledger, as a matter of course—such an omission would be almost impossible—it it usual to balance our books half-yearly, and this was not balanced either in 1860 or 1851—I am now one of the receiving cashiers—this entry on the debit side of the pass book of 60l., on Oct. 1st, 1850, is not my writing—I received no such sums from the prisoner, or from anybody on his account, on or about that date, or at all—it is not the handwriting of any clerk in the bank of whom I have any knowledge—it is not the handwriting of any cashier or ledger keeper—all the same cashiers are now in the bank that were there in 1850—if a customer desired a cash payment to be entered at the time, it would be done by the cashier; if not, by the ledger keeper, next day—there are sewn receiving cashiers besides myself—they are all here—I have looked through the books, and find no entry of 60l. about that time to the prisoner's credit.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever receive money of me? A. No; I never saw you till you were in custody to my knowledge—this entry of 15l. is my writing; I cannot say when I made it—I was a ledger keeper at that time—it was not customary at that time for a ledger keeper to receive cash of a customer over the counter—I was appointed an assistant receiving cashier in 1850—I did not receive the 15l. over the counter, I am quite sure of that—I do not know the handwriting of the entry of the 60l.—I did not see the pass book this year before I saw it at the Mansion-house—I know of no inquiry being made after your passbook in Oct. 1850—I cannot say how often this pass book was made up in 1849 and 1850; I cannot say how many clerks have left in the last two years—none have been dismissed on any charge of embezzlement or making false entries—no cashier has left—I think one ledger keeper has, his name was Barker, he left of his own accord—the entry in question is not his writing—I swear that—it is not the writing of any person I am acquainted with, in or out of the bank—any clerk in the house can have access to the pass books—I have no knowledge of a pass book being misplaced, and not able to be found.





JOHN COOTS STURT
. I am the chief receiving cashier at the London Joint Stock Bank. I have searched the books to ascertain by whom money was received at the end of Sept. and the 1st Oct. 1850—the names of the receiving cashiers are Mr. Stoke, Mr. Widdle, Mr. Harrington, Mr. Rackstraw, Mr. Legg, myself, and Mr. Gibbon—I did not at the end of Sept. or on 1st Oct. 1850, receive 60l. of the prisoner, or on his account—the entry of the 60l. in the pass book is not my writing, or the writing of any of the gentlemen I have mentioned—to the best of my belief it is not the writing of any clerk in the bank—certainly not of any cashier, nor of any ledger keeper to my knowledge.

Prisoner. Q. Have you ever received any money of me? A. I should say I have very often—I am acquainted with you as a customer, and have a strong recollection of having done business with you several times—I have no recollection of receiving such a sum as 60l. from you—this entry of 15l. is in Mr. Burton's writing—I have no knowledge of your asking me for your pan book about Oct.—I have no recollection of seeing you in the house about that time—no clerk in the house asked me if I had seen your pass book about that time—I have no knowledge of seeing it; it was not in my department.





HENRY RACKSTRAW
. I am a cashier in the London Joint Stock Bank. I did not at the end of Sept. or 1st Oct. 1850, receive 60l. of the prisoner, or on his account—this entry of 60l. in the pass book is not my writing—I is not the writing of any of the cashiers, or of anybody that I know.


Prisoner. Q. Did you ever receive any money of me, or on my account? A. No; I never saw you before to-day, to my recollection—I bad been a cashier about five years in 1850—I do not recollect ever taking your pass book from you at the counter—I have no knowledge of any one asking me for your pass book—I do not know the handwriting of all the clerks, I do of all the cashiers; not of all the ledger keepers—clerks are sometimes called to attend at the counter when there is a good deal of business going on—that it done by the chief cashier; it is generally the ledger keepers who are called—I cannot tell how many ledger keepers have left in the last two years or year and a half, more than four or five—if a customer comes and pays in cash, it is put into a box, and he enters it in the counter book, and next morning it is entered in the pass book by the ledger keeper; it is sometimes entered at the time, if the customer requires it—I do not know the handwriting of all the clerks in the bank.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Has there been any ledger keeper dismissed on any charge of fraud, or other misconduct, during the last year and a half? A. No; I cannot enumerate the names of the ledger keepers in Oct. 1850—I should lay to the best of my recollection, about six or seven of them have left—Risden is one, and Barker, Cooper, Holly comb, and Lyon—Lyon has been gone about five years.

COURT. Q. You cannot have attended to the question; you were asked, whether any ledger keepers bad left within the last year and a half? A. Barker has left recently, and Risden; I do not recollect any others.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did Risden leave? A. He died about Sept.; this entry in the pass book is not his writing, or Barker's, I am quite certain of that.





THOMAS STOKES
. I am a cashier in the London Joint Stock Bank. I see this entry of 60l. in the prisoner's pass book to his credit—I received 60l. about that time, but not on the prisoner's account—this entry is not my writing; I cannot identify it as the writing of any cashier, ledger keeper, or clerk in the house—it is not the handwriting of any person I know.

Prisoner. Q. Who did you receive the 60l. from? A. It was on account of gentleman named Gold—it was paid in checks and notes, I think 30l. In checks and 30l. in notes (referring to the cash book)—it was a check of 80l. and 30l. in notes, on 1st Oct., to the credit of Mr. George Gold—I cannot from memory say whether I have received any money from you on your account—I cannot recognise you as a customer—this entry of 15l. in the past' book is Mr. Burton's writing—I cannot tell you whether he received the money over the counter; I should say not, by its being in his handwriting—the ledger keepers do occasionally receive money over the counter on press of business—I am quite sure the 60l. entry is not the writing of any one in the house, or of any one that I know—I have no recollection of being asked for this or any pass book in Oct., 1850, or of saying J could not find it, but I could not say for certainty at such a distance on time—when the pass books are completed we have a particular place for them, and when they are not—complete they are put in a rack immediately behind the cashier—it may be put into a drawer or somewhere by mistake—I have no knowledge of such a thing happening about Oct., 1850—I should not have identified you as a customer—when a customer pays in money, if he wishes it, it is entered in his pass book at the time by the cashier: be puts the notes in one drawer, the cash in another, and the checks he hands behind to a clerk, who enters them, and the pass book is put on the counter to be made up.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long have you been in the bank? A. Nearly

fourteen years; I never received any money from the prisoner, or anybody else, without making an entry of it.

MR. GIBBON. I am one of the cashiers of the London Joint-Stock Bank. Here is an entry in this pass hook of 60l. to the prisoner's credit—it is not in my writing, nor, to my knowledge, in that of any of the clerks—I do not know whose writing it is—I received no such sum in Sept. or Oct. 1850.

Prisoner. Q. Have you ever seen me in the house? A. No; I have been there seventeen years—no inquiries have been made for this pass book to my knowledge—I do not know that I ever saw it before I came here—I do not know the writing of all the clerks in the house—I know the writing of all the cashiers; I should say this is not in the writing of any of them—I cannot say whether it is in the writing of any of the ledger keepers—it is writing which I never saw before—I was cashier in 1850—I cannot say whether I received any money for this account—I do not know how many clerks have left the bank in the last year and a half—ledger keepers occasionally assist at the counter; they receive money—I never received a sum of 60l. about this date of any one—I first heard about the 60l. in the past book just before your apprehension—no inquiry about it was made of the clerk; the manager said nothing to me about it—the manager would be made acquainted with such a case as this undoubtedly, but I do not know that he was—I see no writing of mine in this book—I can fix upon the names of the clerks who wrote particular sums in it—I know the writing of the first sum, but cannot at this moment remember the clerk's name—I am prepared to swear they are all written by clerks in the employ of the bank, except the entry of 1st Oct., which is in quite a strange hand; I do not know it at all.





RICHARD WILLIAM LEGO
. I am a cashier in the London Joint Stock Bank. This entry of 60l. in this pass book on 1st Oct. is not in my writing, and I believe it is not in that of any of the clerks or ledger keepers in the bank.

Prisoner. Q. How long have you been there? A. About fourteen years; I do not remember seeing you at the counter except when you were apprehended—I do not remember receiving any cash from you—J do not know any person whose writing this 60l. is like—I have been cashier about six years—the senior cashier asked us if we knew the writing—I presume every* body was asked—if there is any mistake between the customer and the bank, it is made known to the manager immediately—this case was made known to the manager; I do not know who by—this balance is brought forward in the writing of Burton, the ledger keeper—he was not acting as cashier on 25tb or 26th Sept.—in some cases an amount is entered in the morning as haying been paid in on the day previous, if the pass book is in—a ledger keeper, named Barker, has left within the last month—I know the handwriting of all the clerks in the house, but do not know this writing at all—I knew Risden before he died—it is not his writing.

COURT. Q. About how many clerks does the establishment consist of including cashiers? A. 75; I know the writing of them all tolerably well—I do not believe this to be the writing of any of them, or of any who have left.

MR. WIDDLE. I am one of the cashiers of the London Joint Stock Bank—I see this entry of 60l. in the pass book, on 1st Oct.—I received no sum at all from the prisoner about that time—I received 60l. on 2nd Oct. from John Wilson—this entry is not my writing, I do not know it.

Prisoner. Q. Whose handwriting is this 15l. in? A. Mr. Burton's, a ledger keeper—it was made on 26th Sep., 1850—he did not act occasionally as cashier

at the counter—I am quite sure of that—if money was paid in this afternoon it would be entered by the ledger keeper the following morning—the date inserted is the true date, not the date of the entry—I believe this 40l. On 21st Aug., 1848, on the debit aide, to be my writing—I know the writing of all the clerks who were in the bank up to the time in question,—I can speak to the names of the clerks who made most of the entries on the credit side, but some of the writing on the debit side I cannot speak to—I never received my money from you—I do not recollect making any entry at all for your account—I know that such a person had an account there—I do not know of toy check being presented for payment when there were not sufficient funds—I do not remember receiving instructions not to pay a check of yours—there might possibly have been such instructions about a month back, or about the time the account was first overdrawn—I cannot say whether there had always been sufficient funds to meet your checks previous to that—half a dozen clerks may have left in the last two or three years—they have left of their own accord—I do not recollect their handwriting well—they were not my of them cashiers; there was one ledger keeper, Walter Barker, and one has gone to keep the private ledger; he had nothing to do with customers' accounts.





MAST EAST
. I am the wife of John East, of Grange-rood, Bermondsey. The prisoner and his family lodged at our house about four months, as near as I can say—he paid one month's rent, and 10s. off the second month—I have applied to him for money from time to time, but have not been able to get any more.

Prisoner. Q. Who took the lodging? A. Mrs. Clifford; she ha promised to pay several times—you had six children living with you.





EDWARD FUNNELL
 (City policeman, 32). I am one of the detective police—On Thursday afternoon, 11th March, I was sent for to the London Joint Stock Bank—I went to Mr. Pollard's room—a female was brought in about a minute afterwards—this cheek of 11th March for 15l. was produced in her presence; and in consequence of something that passed between her and the manager, I went with her, in a cab, to go to the prisoner's lodgings—as we went down Duke-street, Tooley-street, she pointed, and said, "There is my husband, waiting for me"—I saw the prisoner waiting there, got out of the cab, and told him I was a police-officer, and Wanted him to go the London) Joint Stock Bank with me, through a check which he had sent his wife there with, and told him he had overdrawn his account—he said it was a mistake; he would go with me and see Mr. Pollard, and he would pretty soon set that light—I allowed the female to go home, and went back to the bank with the prisoner—Mr. Forster, the chairman of directors, said to him, "You have sent a 15l. check here, and you have already overdrawn"—he said he bad not—Mr. Foster asked him if he had not bad a letter to that effect—he said he bad received a letter, took this letter (produced) from hit pocket-book, and banded it to the chairman, who read it to him, and asked him if to did not think that required a little attention—he said he complained of the way in which he had received it, stating that he received it from his brother, who was on bad terms with him, and had been for two years—the pass book Was lying on the table, but was not opened—the prisoner said it was quite right, he paid the money in himself—he was asked to whom—he said he did not know which of the clerks he paid it to—he was then given into my custody—he was asked how many days the pass book had been brought into the bank—he said he thought about Friday, by Mr. Hall's son—he was asked about the payment of the money—he said that required a little recollection

—he stood about a minute, hesitating, but said no more—I took him to the station, went to Mrs. East's, in Grange-road, and found Mrs. Clifford and six children—they appeared to be in great distress—there was a bed in the front room on the floor, and a little bed in the back room—on 15th March I went again, and found seventy-three duplicates for wearing apparel of every description, some as low as 6d. and some as high as 1l. 15s., which appeared to have been accumulating since 1850—here are ten in Oct. last, two in Sept., and up to the present time.

Prisoner. Q. Did Mr. Forster ask me how long after the letter had been delivered to my brother, I received it? A. I do not recollect; your wife handed the duplicates to me, in Mrs. East's presence—a great many of them are in your name, but not all.
(The check was here read; it was for 15l., payable to Mr. East, or bearer, dated, 11th March, 1852; signed "Charles Clifford." Letter read—"London Joint Stock Bank, 11th Dec, 1851. Charles Clifford, Esq. Sir,—As your account appears to be overdrawn, I think it right to call your attention to the fact, in order that any error on your part with the bank may be rectified. (Signed) "GEORGE POLLARD, manager.")

MR. BENTHAM. I know Mr. Forster—his name is George Oldgate Forster—he is one of the proprietors of the London Joint Stock Bank—we find no entry of this sum in the cash-book, ledger, or waste-book.





WILLIAM COUTTON
. I am a tavern keeper. The prisoner was a tenant of mine six years, from 1845 I think to 1851—before April, 1851, there was three quarters' rent due to me—he pledged some things to pay me one quarter, and gave me a memorandum to pay the rest before 26th June following—I never received the other two quarters, though I made repeated applications to him—he told me he had no means to pay it, and could not promise when he should.





ENOCH RICHARD
. I am potman to Mr. Southam, of the Kent-road. In 1850 and 1851 I supplied the prisoner with beer—he owes me, for beer and spirits, 2l. 8s. or 2l. 9s.—I have made repeated applications to him, without being able to get it—I pay the landlord for the beer I take out—it is my loss.

MILLS. I am a butcher. In 1851 I supplied the prisoner with meat; he owes me 5l. or 6l.; I have applied to him, but have not been able to get it.

Prisoner. Q. How long have you served me? A. About four years, previous to the bill running up, which has been eighteen months or two years—the bills were paid regularly before that; I never had to send to the house for a bill before this—you used to come to my shop occasionally and pay me once a week—your wife came first to order meat—you never ordered any before which you did not pay for—you have never been to the shop to order any of the meat contained in this bill.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you ever applied to him for payment of this bill? A. Yes; and he has said he would pay me as soon as he could—he never denied owing me the debt.

Prisoner's Defence. I am charged with knowingly uttering a forged accountable receipt, with intent to defraud this bank, which I most solemnly declare to be false; placed as I am, it is not in my power to produce any witness; but you must be well aware that any man having an account at a bank and paying money in, has no receipt, or anything to show for it; the bank clerks have sworn positively that they never received the 60l.; I positively swear that I paid it in on 30th Sept. or 1st Oct. in four 10l.-notes

and twenty sovereigns; I had no occasion after that to draw any check till the Nov. following, when I drew one for 10l. and another for 5l.; my passbook was left at the bank at the time the money was paid in; I called for It four or live days after, and was told by the clerk that it had not been seen for long time; I said, "Nonsense, I left it with the money the other day;" lie went to the back part of the bank, returned to me again, and said, "I have had some difficulty in finding your pass-book; it is not ready: it has been misplaced; "I called for it about a week or a fortnight after, and it was never sent to the bank again till March last, as I had been doing no business, and had no occasion to draw checks; and, therefore I made no complaint to the house, as to there being anything wrong in respect of the 60l. I had no notion of there being anything wrong in the book; the prosecutors have raked up things against me which have nothing to do with the case; as to the duplicates, some of the things were very likely pledged with my knowledge, hot the bulk of them were not; as to the money haying been paid into the bankers, I solemnly declare I paid it in myself, if it was the last word I had to utter; if such evidence as this is taken no man is safe; I have always paid 20s. in the pound; I never took the benefit of the Act, or been a bankrupt, or compromised for 5s. or 2s. 6d. in the pound; though, unfortunately, others have done it too much towards me.




GUILTY
. Aged 45. Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury, in consequence of his poverty.—


Transported for Seven Years.

