




302. 




WILLIAM STEWART
 and 




THOMAS TAYLOR



, breaking and entering the warehouse of 



William Wilkinson, and stealing 2,000 handkerchiefs, value 168l.; his property.—2nd COUNT, for receiving the goods.


MESSRS. PARRY
and
GIFFARD
conducted the Prosecution,





WILLIAM WILKINSON
. I am a warehouseman, at No. 89, Watling-street, in the parish of St. John the Evangelist. On 7th Jan. I left my warehouse soon after 5 o'clock, leaving L'Estrange, my clerk and warehouseman, there—I got to the warehouse next morning at about 10 or 20 minutes past 9 o'clock, and found sergeant Shephard there—I received a communication from him in consequence of which I immediately looked to my warehouse, and found the stock and drawers in great confusion—my stock consists principally of silk goods—I missed about 200 pieces of silk, amounting to 2,000 handkerchiefs, partly printed, and of the value of 160l. to 180l.—L'Estrange had been taken away in custody before I arrived; I had not given him into custody, neither would I have done so if I had been present—he is still in my employ—two or three days previous to the robbery, the prisoner Taylor came into my warehouse, and said be wanted a few dozens of silk handkerchiefs—that not being a trade expression, caused me to look at him particularly—I told him I was not the right man to apply to, my transactions were large—he said he was going to Australia, and wished to take out a few dozens with him—supposing he was a countryman, and really disposed to speculate, I said I would endeavour to find him a lot—I made a lot up of twenty pieces of India corahs, and said, "You shall have those for 17l. 10s., the lowest"—he said, "Very well; I will come again, and let you know in half an hour"—he never came back; that was the last I saw of him till he was taken into custody—these twenty pieces of corahs remained on the same spot, and were among those stolen.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you occupy the whole premises? A. Only the first floor; I do not live there myself—it is L'Estrange's business to keep the keys of my part of the premises, to lock it up when he goes at night, and open it in the morning—we generally commence business about half past 9 o'clock—I expect the premises to be open as much before 9 o'clock as I can get them, and we dose about half past 5 o'clock; it depends on business—L'Estrange has been in my employment twelve or eighteen months; I have not known him longer than that—there was no one but him in my employ at this time—I had a person, named John Dickenson, who left about three weeks before this occurred—he was taken into custody six weeks or two months ago on suspicion of robbing; he is a bad fellow—he was not taken into custody on the present charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Did you examine the premises? A. Yes; and I have had a locksmith, policeman, and sawyer also to examine them—I cannot tell how the premises were opened—the lock was not injured in any way.


MR. PARRY. Q. As far as you observed, how must the door have been opened? A. I imagine by a key of some sort; there is no scratch at all on the lock—when Taylor called on me two or three weeks before, he was there not more than a quarter of an hour—the rest of the goods were taken from the same counter as where these corahs were.





WALTER SHEPPARD
 (City policeman, 96). Mr. Truss called me to these premises at about half past 7 o'clock on the Saturday morning—I found Mr. Wilkinson's warehouse door open, and the silk on the counter turned over, and it seemed to be in great disorder, and there were two handkerchiefs lying on the floor—Mr. Truss gave me a carpet bag, containing eleven pieces of silk handkerchief, and a brown paper parcel, containing thirteen piece—I waited till L'Estrange came at 9 o'clock, took him to the station, and charged him on suspicion of being connected with the robbery—he was examined at the Mansion House, and remanded, but from inquiry I made I found he was highly respectable, and not connected with the robbery, and the charge was dismissed—there was no appearance of any violence about the premises; the doors must have been opened with skeleton keys, or some one must have been secreted on the premises—there are no marks at all on the locks or doors—on the evening before, at a quarter to 8 o'clock, I came up after L'Estrange had been helped out by Banks and Morris—in consequence of information, on 17th Jan., I went with Ratcliffe and Bleach to No. 3, Britain's-court, Whitefriars, and found the prisoner Taylor there—I told him he was charged on suspicion of being connected with the burglary at Mr. Wilkinson's, No. 89, Watling-street; he said, "I know nothing about it"—I saw Ratcliffe and Bleach search the room, and saw them find this carpet bag (produced) with this piece of silk and silk handkerchief in it—Taylor, who was at breakfast, said the bag belonged to him, and that the silk handkerchiefs were his wife's—I directed Bleach to take him into custody.





WILLIAM TRUSS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Gould, of No. 89, Watling-street, and keep the key of the street door. On the night in question I went over the premises, saw that they were all safe, and I locked up and fastened the outer door at about 18 minutes past 7 o'clock, and took the key away—I thought L'Estrange was gone; I had given him notice that I was going—I went next morning at half past 7 o'clock, and found that the outer door had been opened—there is a drawback lock, and that was only on the catch—I found a parcel and carpet bag lying together in the passage just inside the outer door—one of our porters came up; I directed him to keep watch over the door, and I went over the house—I found Mr. Wilkinson's door, which is on the first floor, open—I went in, and found his silk all strewn about the counter, and there were two pieces of handkerchief on the floor, which I left as I found them—the other parts of the house did not appear to have been touched—I then called Sheppard.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. When do you leave? A. Generally about 7 o'clock—I was not there when L'Estrange was taken out by the policemen—there is only one other party in the house besides Mr. Wilkinson and ourselves, that is Mr. Gouldie, who has the second floor front, and the two floors above that, are vacant—I keep the keys of the whole.





ALONZO L'ESTRANGE
. I am clerk and warehouseman to Mr. Wilkinson. On the night of Friday, 7th Jan., I was locked in the warehouse, and was helped out at about half past 7 or a quarter to 8 o'clock by two policemen with a ladder; I do not know their names—we have lost 200 pieces, about 2,000 handkerchiefs—they were safe when I left the place—the premises were then perfectly secure—I was taken into custody, and afterwards discharged

—I am still in Mr. Wilkinson's employ—I was never locked in the warehouse before this—there was a key of the outer door in Mr. Wilkinson's private desk, but I did not like to break it open to get it—I identify some of the articles produced.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long have you been in Mr. Wilkinson's employ? A. Nearly twelve months; I knew a boy of the name of Dickenson at Mr. Wilkinson's; he left about a fortnight before Christmas, I think—I have seen him since—he left for robbing Mr. Wilkinson—I have never been given to understand I had any specific time to leave at; Mr. Wilkinson has never given me instructions to leave at half past 5 o'clock—when Mr. Wilkinson leaves, it is my duty to clean the place up, which takes me a quarter of an hour or so—I ought then to leave—I sometimes remain till 7 o'clock, because I am in the habit of reading there—I have stopped there once or twice to read—I was taken into custody next morning at 9 o'clock, when I was about to go upstairs to open Mr. Wilkin son's premises—I was taken before the Lord Mayor, and remanded—I stayed in the warehouse this night till about half past 7 or a quarter to 8 o'clock—I was reading—Mr. Truss usually shuts up the premises at 7 o'clock, but I was not aware what time it was—when I left I locked my master's door on the inside, and got out at the window—I looked out at the window, saw an officer, told him, he got another officer, they got a ladder, and I got out—I did not speak to any one before I saw the officer—I saw Dickenson last on Friday, at Guildhall—I was desired by the officers to see if I could see Dickenson, and I desired him to come to Guildhall to see if he could identify either of the parties in custody.

MR. PARRY. Q. Was Dickenson charged on this charge? A. No—in consequence of my being given into custody on the matter, Mr. Wilkinson made an inquiry into my character—he did not before me state the result of those inquiries to the Lord Mayor, but the Lord Mayor said I was discharged without the slightest stain on my character.

COURT. Q. How long before you got out did you discover you were locked in? A. About twenty minutes or a quarter of an hour—I then locked the door inside, and made arrangements to get out at the window.





WILLIAM MORRIS
 (City policeman 419). On the evening of 7th Jan. another officer came to me, and said there was a man locked into Mr. Wilkinson's warehouse, and asked me to come and see if I knew him—I went; I did not know him—I said the best way was to get him out, and take him to the station—the inspector came up, and the person referred us to Mr. Mayers, Friday-street, where he was known, and he was let go—it was between 8 and 9 o'clock, as near upon 8 o'clock as could be.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. What was it that occurred between 8 and 9 o'clock? A. The young man, L'Estrange, was got out; it was near upon 8 o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. You say he was taken to some person he referred to, and discharged; was he taken again afterwards? A. I believe so.

MR. PARRT. Q. Was any charge made against him when you got him out of the window? A. No; I detained him at the foot of the ladder till the sergeant came, to know whether he belonged to the premises or not—he referred us to Mr. Mayers; that was found satisfactory, and he was let go.





JAMES RATCLIFFE
 (City policeman, 3 7 5,) On Tuesday, 11th Jan., at a quarter before 12 o'clock, 1 was on duty in Earl-street, Blackfriars, and saw Stewart in company with two other men, one of whom I believe was Taylor.

but I will not swear it—the person who I believe was Taylor was carrying a blue bag over his shoulder—I was in plain clothes; and in consequence of what I observed, I followed them about 100 yards, when Stewart and Taylor went into Clerk's, a greengrocer's shop, in the Broadway, and Taylor, I believe bought 6d. worth of oranges—I remained outside, and saw them come out; and as they came out, Taylor handed the bag to Stewart—they walked together about forty yards, and turned into a court—the third man had stood back before the others went into the greetigrocer's shop—I went up, stopped Stewart, and asked him what he had got there—on Taylor's seeing me coming, be ran away—Stewart told me he was employed to carry the bag by two men—I took him to the station, searched him, and found a pocket-book, containing six checks on the British Bank, a knife, pencil, key, some duplicates, and 4d.—he said he had been made a dupe of—in consequence of information, I subsequently, on Saturday, 15th, went to No. 10, Bell's-buildings, Salisbury-square, and saw Taylor there—I asked him whether he knew a man named Stewart, or whether he could give me his address—he said he did not know his address, but he would try and ascertain it for me if I would call again; and I made an appointment to call on the Monday morning, and then left—on Monday, 17th, in consequence of information, I went, with two other officers, to Britain's-court, Whitefriars, and found Taylor there, at breakfast—when I went in, he told me he had left a letter for me at his lodgings, Bell's buildings—the sergeant and me went there, and got this letter (produced)—Shephard told Taylor he was charged on suspicion of being concerned in the robbery at No. 89, Watling-street—he said, "Very well; you can make inquiry if you like"—I searched the room, and found the bag; Shephard opened it, and took out what was in it—Taylor said something about it to Shephard which I did not hear—he was then taken into custody by Bleach.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. Stewart was in company with two other men? A. Yes, when I first saw him—he was carrying this bag (produced)—it contains fifteen pieces of silk handkerchief.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE
Q. How far were you from the three men when you first saw them? A. Not half a dozen yards; I followed them, and kept about the same distance from them—I was in plain clothes—from the time I first saw them till I took Stewart, was a quarter of an hour or ten minutes—when I saw Taylor in custody, 1 said I believed him to be the man I saw on the 11th, but I am not positive of him—I did not say he was not the man—I did not say I did not believe he was the man—when I went to see Taylor I went in private clothes, as Mr. Smith—I had never seen him before I saw him carrying the bag.

MR. PARRY. Q. Did you ever at any time say you did not believe Taylor to be the man? A. No—(The letter wos here read—"No. 10, Bell's-buildings, Salisbury-square. Dear Sir,—Having been called away on very urgent business, I humbly beg you will excuse my disappointing you, but I have made every inquiry about the man of the name of Stewart, and I am very sorry that I cannot give you any information respecting the person; but those parties that gave you my address are the most likely persons to give you that information which you require. I remain yours, T. TAYLOR.")





WILLIAM BLEACH
 (City policeman 363), On 17th, I went with Sheppard and Ratcliffe to No. 3, Britain's-court, Whitefriars, we found Taylor, and Sheppard told me to take him into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Have you not heard Ratcliffe say that he did not believe Taylor was the man be saw with the other men?


A. No—he stated he could not positively swear whether he was the person who ran away or not.





ANNE CARTER
. I am the wife of John Carter, of No. 3, Britain's-court, Whitefriars, who is a carpenter's porter; he works at a carpenter's shop. On 11th Jan., Mrs. Bennett; who I work for, came to my house with the prisoner Taylor, who took seven new white silk pocket handkerchiefs from his pocket, two were hemmed, and five were not—Mrs. Bennett said to me, "Carter, will you go and pledge for me these handkerchiefs?" and told me her Harry, meaning Taylor, had made her a present of them—I have heard her call him by that name before, he has been up and down to my room with her—she said she felt annoyed that he had taken them to his mother's to be hemmed, could not the work herself, and Taylor said his youngest sister had hemmed the two, because I remarked their being hemmed—I pledged three of them at Mr. Avant's, in Fleet-street, two at Mr. Tunstall't, sod two at Mr. Fleming's, in Farringdon-street—Mrs. Bennett said I was not to pledge them all at one place, because she wanted to get them back again—I gave Taylor the tickets and the money, which was 5s., 2s., and 2s., in my own room—on Sunday 16th, Taylor brought some clothes to my room, and said he was leaving his lodgings—on 17th Jan., at a quarter before 8 o'clock, he came running up my stairs quickly, and said, "Oh Carter, it is getting too warm for me, I think tome one it after me"—he had some breakfast, and the policemen came into my room and took him away.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Had you had any communication with the officers before? A. No; I was frightened when I saw them come in—I did not refuse at first to give evidence—I have never been in trouble myself, I have never been charged with anything—I have never been before a Magistrate for illegal pawning—I have never been In the hands of a constable—I have been at County Courts on summonses—I have been in the habit of pawning for Mrs. Bennett; I have worked for her five or six years and have pawned for her, but I always thought she was honest—she told me she should want to have these things back one or two at a time, and so I pledged them at different places, I have known her redeem 10l. or 12l. worth at a time—I was horn in the parish where I live, but have not always lived there, I was twelve years over the water, on the Surrey side—I kept a house myself, at No. 3, Little Surrey-street, where I had three lodgers at the same time, and I worked for Mrs. Bennett during that time—my lodgers were married men and their wives—I did not have women who walked the streets, or women who brought home men—one lodger was a carpenter, and his wife who worked for me at needlewoman—one a plumber and his wife who was buried from my house, and the other an old lady who had the parlour, and sold sweet stuff—after that I kept No. 53, Union-street, Borough-road, for which I paid 14s. a week, and there I had the same hardworking industrious people, both men and women—those are the only two houses I have had—I have lived in Britain's-court two years last Nov.—I came there from No. 83, Friar-street, where I lodged—I am married, and my husband lives with me—I have been married twenty years; my husband bas always lived with me. (The witness appeared very much exhausted, and the
COURT
adjourned for a quarter of an hour to allow her to recover herself)

MR. METCALFE. Q. You say you pledged these handkerchiefs at three different places, in order that Mrs. Bennett might easily redeem them if she chose; why did you put them in your own name? A. I thought they were her own property—I gave the tickets and money to Taylor—I did not have

the tickets made out in the name of Taylor because, I am sorry to say, I am obliged to pledge for myself sometimes; I was known where I pledged them and they did not ask me my name; they knew me—I did not tell them they were Mrs. Bennett's goods—Mrs. Bennett did not say in what name I was to pledge them—the handkerchiefs were all new; they were separated from each other—I have pledged Mrs. Bennett's rings, and watch, and dresses, and wearing apparel, and new dresses, but her own—I have known her wear the dresses I have pledged, and I have made them—I have pledged new articles for her on several occasions which have not been worn, but I have known them to be her own—I have never pledged for any one but Mrs. Bennett and myself; I have not of late, not for four or five years—I have lived where I am now two years, and before that I lodged eighteen, nineteen, or perhaps twenty months, at No. 83, Friar-street; before that I kept a house at No. 3, Little Surrey-street, near upon two years, and paid 8s., a week for it—before that I was at No. 53, Union-street, between two and three years, where I paid 14s. a week—when I was at Union-street or Surrey-street the police never came into my house; I never saw one in my room till 17th Jan.—I have never lived anywhere as a servant; I have always lived by my needle—the house at Surrey-street was not kept as a common brothel—it was not open for the reception of men and women, and women never brought men there—no common women, prostitutes, lived in that house, nor at the house in Union-street; I swear that—men were never brought by women to the house in Union-street, or Friar-street, but I am sorry to say I have been in the habit of working for women of bad character, and they bring me the work, but I do not ask them how they get it—I have not received any money in this case, or been offered any—Mr. Wood, who was attorney for Taylor, offered to give me 1s., to go and find Mrs. Bennett—Mr. Wilkinson said he would give me a 10l. note if I would tell the truth—he did not put a 5l. note into my hand, and say it should be doubled if I gave evidence; he did not put any money into my hand; he said he would give me double 5l.—I cannot recollect what the first of that conversation was—I had before that said I knew nothing whatever about it.

MR. PARRY. Q. You say Mr. Wood called on you? A. Yes, twice—he brought a letter for Taylor—I have not seen him here to-day—that was on Tuesday night, 18th Jan.; and he came again on Wednesday night, and brought another letter, and gave me 1s. to find Mrs. Bennett—there is no pretence for saying I ever kept a brothel, or that I was ever charged with anything—sergeant Shephard was present when Mr. Wilkinson said he would give me a 5l. note if I would tell the truth—I was not aware at that time that I had done wrong in pledging the handkerchiefs—I was not asked any questions as to whether I knew where the property was—Mr. Wilkinson said he had lost a great quantity of goods, and said, "Finding Taylor in your room, I think you must know something about it"—I said I did not—he said." Well, I will give you 5l., or more than that, if you will tell the truth"—I said I had nothing to tell, for I did not know—I know nothing of the other property that has been stolen; these are the only articles I have pledged—nothing was said by Mr. Wilkinson when he offered me the 5l. note, about my giving evidence in this Court or before the Magistrate.





DANIEL LEWTHWAITE
. I am shopman to Mr. Avant, of No. 114, Fleetstreet. I produce three handkerchiefs (produced), pledged by Anne Carter, on 11th Jan—I knew her before.





ALFRED FENN
. I am shopman to Mr. Tunstall, of 18, Farringdon-street—I produce two handkerchiefs, pledged on 11th Jan., by Carter—(produced).






JAMES LINSCOTT
. I am shopman to Isabella Flemming, of Farringdonstreet, pawnbroker. I produce two handkerchiefs, pledged on 11th Jan. by Mrs. Carter—(produced).





WILLIAM WILKINSON

re-examined, I do not identify this piece of silk, or the silk handkerchiefs, found in the carpet bag found at Taylor's—I know these three lots which were pawned, they form a portion of the property I lost—I speak most positively to them—the whole of these fifteen taken from Stewart belong to me—I identify them by their being my own patterns produced by my block, by me and for me, paid for by me, and never printed before—they had my name on them, but that has been cut off—the carpet bag and parcel found inside the warehouse also contain handkerchiefs of mine, and of the same lot—the parcel contains handkerchiefs of the same pattern as those in the carpet bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. There is no mark on them? A. The patterns are private marks, because they are my own property—they were designed under my direction—I did not design them myself, my time it too valuable to design—they were partly designed at my counting house, but principally at the designer's house—one person who designs for me lives at Islington, and another at Merton, in Surrey—they are printed at Merton Abbey—I have been in business five years—when I sell things I never cut off the fag, which has my name on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. What is ityouknow this white handkerchief by? A. The colour, width, and quality, and when this parcel came from the manufacturer they contained some coloured threads which the weaver marks as a square—they have not got it now—they are merely loose things, the least shake would take them out—here ii one of them (showing it)—I imagine you could not buy handkerchiefs of this kind at Pawson's, or any large establishment—I have not the least idea that you could meet with the goods elsewhere; they are manufactured principally for me, but not exclusively—my impression is that I have all, or nearly all, the manufacturer makes of this cloth.
Mr. PARRY. Q. How many similar pieces to this white handkerchief have you missed, as being robbed of on that night? A. Thirty; these seven formed one piece, and the thirty pieces contained seven handkerchiefs each—this handkerchief (pointing out one), has never been worked before, and could only be got from me.





ALONZO L'ESTRANGE

re-examined, I can swear to some of these handkerchiefs—that one (pointing it out), is a new pattern, never worked before in that style, that was found in Stewart's bag—I can swear to this one, which was one of those left in the passage, as never having being worked in this combination before—I can swear to almost all of them as being my master's patterns, but I should not like to swear to them all as not having been worked before—I saw such handkerchiefs on the premises the day before the robbery, and they have been missed since—these seven white ones are precisely similar to goods we have lost.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Can you say whether any white ones had been sold? A. I suppose not, but I should not like to say to.





WILLIAM WILKINSON

re-examined. Q. This piece of white handkerchiefs is not saleable until it is printed.

STEWART—Aged 32.

TAYLOR. Aged 20.




GUILTY



They were further charged with having been before convicted.






WILLIAM TROUGHTON LANGLEY
 (policeman F 42), I produce a certificate

(read—Central Criminal Court, Oct 1850; 



Henry Thomas Taylor, Convicted of breaking and entering a dwelling house and stealing money: confined one year)—the prisoner Taylor is the person that that refers to.





JOHN FENN
 (policeman, F 27). I produce a certificate (read—


Henry Cooper Convicted at Westminster, May, 1852; confined six months)—I was present—Stewart is the person.


GUILTY.—



Transported for Ten Years each.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners).
