



947. 




GEORGE WILLIAM ELLIS



, stealing 2 punch-ladles and other goods, value 3l. 2s., and 10 sovereigns; the property of 



Thomas Corney, in his dwelling-house; and afterwards burglariously breaking out of the same.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES OSBORNE
. I am potman at the Blue Anchor, at Bow, which is kept by Mr. Corney. On Friday night, 14th March, between ten and eleven o'clock, my mistress sent me up-stairs to a bed-room on the first floor—it is a front room, next to her bed-room—on going in I saw the legs of two persons under the bed—I closed the door and remained outside—I made an alarm—I had seen the window closed before I closed the door—I heard some persons coming, opened the door again, and saw two persons getting out of the window—I had a light—the prisoner is like one of them, but I could not swear to him—I believe he had the same coat on that he has now—I did not see his features—I speak from his back—the other man had a short jacket on, but I don't know him at all—the window was fifteen or sixteen feet from the ground—there was a light in the road, but not opposite the window, further on.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. When you went in you at once saw the two persons' legs? A. No, not at the moment, I had to go to the foot of the bed before I could see them—the window is in front of the foot of the bed—the room is not very large—there is a small curtain which goes against the window, fastened to it—there is a blind to it, which was drawn up.





HENRY STUTSBURY
. I am a labourer, of Oliver-street, Bow. On the evening of the 14th March, I was passing the Blue Anchor, I saw the middle window of the three up-stairs, in the room over the bar opened, and two men came out of it and ran along the ledge, which is about six inches wide—they jumped on the tiles of a stable, and from that to, a gate—they jumped off the gate and ran away—I heard the people hallooing and screaming, and a man ran out in a state of great alarm, and pointed up to the front window—there were no lamps, but it was, a beautiful moonlight night—the prisoner is one of the men I am certain—they got away.

Cross-examined. Q. You were standing outside? A. Yes, when the men rushed out, I stopped to see what was the matter—I ran after the two

men, but could not catch them—I work in a coal-gang with my father—it is a week last Monday since I worked—I had worked two days before that—when I have got nothing to do, my father has got work, and he keeps me—I have been up here last week and to-day—I had just left work that night at the gas-factory at Old Ford—I have never been in any difficulty—I live with my father and mother.





ZACHARIAH GIFFORD
 (policeman, K 384.) I was called to the Blue Anchor—I apprehended the prisoner at his own house the same night—this handkerchief was shown to me by Jenkinson—I had seen it before, and know it by this slit in the corner—I had known the prisoner before, and I took particular notice of this handkerchief when I had him in custody in January last—it belongs to the prisoner—I saw it in his possession in January last—I had it and examined it—I have frequently seen him wear it.

Cross-examined. Q. You had not the prisoner in custody for stealing it? A. No; I do not know whether there is any mark on this other handkerchief—I have not examined it—I cannot tell whether it is marked—I cannot tell how many boles there are in it—I have seen the prisoner wear this handkerchief round his neck tied very loosely—I showed him the next day to the two witnesses—the Blue Anchor is in the parish of St. Mary, Stratford, Bow.





EDWARD JENKINSON
 (policeman, K 198). I was called to the Blue Anchor on the night of 14th March—I went up in the front bed-room with Mrs. Corney—I searched under the bed, and found these article wrapped up and tied in this handkerchief—here are twenty-four silver tea-spoons, four silver table-spoons, two gravy-spoons, and other articles—I took them to the station.





THIRZA CORNEY
. I am the wife of Thomas Corney, who keeps the the Blue Anchor at Bow. On the night of 14th March, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was in the bar, and heard a noise as if something was falling over head—I sent my potman up, and he raised an alarm—I heard the bed-room window open—I went up-stairs when the policeman came, which was about a quarter of an hour after the alarm; I examined my bed-room—there had been a box under the bed, which had been removed, and the beading round it broken off, but nothing was taken out—a drawer, where these silver articles had been in the morning, was forced open—I missed eight or ten sovereigns from a bureau in my room—I do not know that I had seen the prisoner in the house that night—there were two strange men in the house on the Thursday night—this is my husband's property, and was in my bed-room in the front of the house—I had been in the room that evening, and fastened the window about five.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

