




390. 




JAMES FREWIN
 and 




EDWARD CREWE



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 




Robert Anstruther, and stealing therein, 1 snuff-box, 1 brooch, and other articles, value 16l.; his goods: both having been before convicted.


MR. KETTLE
conducted the Prosecution.






ADELE FLEYEN
. I am cook to Colonel Anstruther, of Bayswater. On 6th Dec. I went to bed about a quarter before twelve o'clock—I had seen the kitchen window safe about half-past five, when I drew the blind down—the bars at the window were then quite safe—I left the kitchen that night quite right, and all things in their place—I got up at a quarter before six next morning—as I passed the drawing-room, I saw all the drawers were out of the cabinet, all the papers strewed about, and the drawers were on the floor—I looked in the kitchen, and saw some knives on the kitchen table, which I had left in the cupboard the night before—I went and told Colonel Anstruther—I saw the kitchen window about half an hour afterwards—one of the iron bars was bent, and was loosened from the stonework at the bottom

—there was not room for a person to get in without loosening the bar—when the bar was loosened there was room, and that window had been opened—the bars were outside the window, in the garden—there was no fastening to the window inside—the bottom sash was quite close—there was something the matter with the upper part; it was loose.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You do not mean that the window was closed? A. The bottom part was closed; the top was loose—I do not know whether there was a vacant space at top where you could put your finger in.





ROBERT ANSTRUTHER
. I am a Colonel in the Canadian army—I reside at 7, Monmouth-road, Bayswater. On the morning of 7th Dec, after having jumped out of bed, and gone to my dressing-room, and put on what I first found, I ran down, and found the drawing-room open, and a great number of the drawers out of an old cabinet strewed about the floor—I ran out of the house to the station, and gave notice to the police—I had gone to bed about twelve o'clock the night before, I came down a little before twelve, and found the cook was up—I sent her to bed, and soon afterwards went to bed myself—I had then five snuff-boxes, a brooch, a powder-horn, and the other articles named in the indictment—they were all in the drawing-room or hall, and I missed them the next morning—I know these two boxes and this knife; they are mine—I believe this box was on the back drawing-room table on the night of the 6th, and this other box was in the drawing-room—this box is not in the state it was; the lid of it is now off, and this miniature was inside the lid—it had a gold lining, and that has been removed—I saw them safe on the night of the 6th—I do not know where this knife was—the value of these is about five guineas—they are all my property—I have had the knife about three or four years—there is no mark on it—I have had this box fifteen or sixteen years, and this other about five years.





MOSES ROBERTS
. I keep a beer-shop at Notting-hill. The prisoners came to my place, with two more persons, between nine and ten o'clock on the night of 6th Dec.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there many others drinking in your house at the time? A. Yes, a good many—they remained about a quarter of an hour—they did not call for anything to drink—they sat down, and a friend or two asked them, to drink—my house is in a great thoroughfare, but not in the public road.





WILLIAM GLENISTER
 (police-sergeant, D 3). On the morning of 7th Dec., about seven o'clock, I received information from Colonel Anstruther—I went to William-street, Lisson-grove, and met the two prisoners, in company with another man—it was thenabout twenty minutes before eight—another policeman was with me—he apprehended Crewe; I laid hold of Frewin and the third man, but the third man broke away—Frewin said, "What do you want me for?"—I told him, for being concerned in a robbery in Monmouth-street that morning—I took him towards the Paddington station, and the other policeman followed with Crewe—when we got near the station, Frewin turned his head partly behind towards where Crewe was, and he called out, "Ding it"—Crewe was at that time about a yard from him, and Frewin spoke loud enough for him to hear—I saw Crewe directly afterwards throw away this box on the pavement—I picked it up, and have had it in my custody ever since—I searched Frewin at the station, and found on him a key, a knife, a duplicate, and some congreve matches.

Cross-examined. Q. What key is it? A. A latch-key—I did not try it to where Frewin lives—I saw this box thrown down—I do not know that I

heard it—it rolled along—a policeman had Crewein custody—I did not pick up anything else—there was nothing else picked up in my presence—I believe some things were afterwards found in a field, by a person who is not here.





COLONEL ANSTRUTHER

re-examined. I believe some seals and a coat were taken up—they were brought to my house.





GEORGE FERRIS
 (policeman, D 28). In consequence of information, I went in search of the prisoners, on the morning of 7th Dec, with Glenister—we met the two prisoners, and another person with them—I took Crewe into custody, and went towards the station—Glenister took Frewin—when we were near the station Frewin said, "Ding it"—I should say he said it loud enough for Crewe to hear—immediately on that, Crewe threw away these two boxes—I picked up one, and Glenister picked up the other—Crewe had flung away this knife before that, and I picked it up—Colonel Anstruther's house is in the parish of Paddington.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Crewe say he had picked them up? A. No, not till he got before the Magistrate—I know that the other articles were picked up in a field that day.





HENRY FISK
 (policeman, T 98). When the prisoners were in the House of Detention, at Paddington, on 8th Dec, I took off their shoes—I know the house of Col. Anstruther, and that of Dr. Gordon, which is five or six minutes walk from it—there is a large garden to Dr. Gordon's house, which comes within a few minutes' walk of Col. Anstruther's—I traced foot-marks in Dr. Gordon's garden, and from that garden towards Col. Anstruther's house, to within about five minutes' walk of it—I compared the foot-marks with the shoes I took from Crewe—I made an impression with the shoes by the side of the footmarks, and ultimately put the shoes into the footmarks—they corresponded exactly with the footmarks in the garden and those in the road—I also compared Frewin's shoes with marks in the garden, and from the garden, and found them very minutely to correspond.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you compare them? A. On the 8th of Dec. I compared them at Dr. Gordon's, and on the 13th of Dec. with the footmarks at Col. Anstruther's—I did not go to Col. Anstruther's on the 8th of Dec.—I compared them outside Dr. Gordon's on the soft road which leads on to the hard road which leads to Paddington—it may be a quarter of a mile from Col. Anstruther's—I saw the distinct marks of three persons in Dr. Gordon's garden, and a number of indistinct footsteps—it was a dry morning on the 8th of Dec.—it had not been raining over night—the impression showed this elevated spot on the shoe—this part was not altogether out of the mud in the soft soil—the impression was perhaps three quarters of an inch deep—I made impressions by the side of the mark, and then I ultimately put the shoes into the original place—I did so with both the prisoner's shoes, and in length and breadth, and every way, I found them to correspond—I did the same on the 13th at Col. Anstruther's—one of the sergeants and Col. Anstruther were with me—I found them to correspond equally there—I made an impression by the side as I did before—I should think I made five or six impressions—it is a small garden—it is not grass, it is mould—I could see that the nails which are in Frewin's shoes corresponded—I did not count the nails—it had been fine weather between the 8th and the 13th of Dec.—I do not remember that there was any rain—the footsteps were in a state of preservation.

COURT. Q. Who had the shoes in the interval between the 8th and the 13th? A. I had.






THOMAS STEER
 (policeman, D 30). On Friday morning, 7th Dec, I went to Col. Anstruther's, and found these two-buttons, one on the sill of the kitchen window, and one under it.





WILLIAM GLASSCOCK
 (policeman, D 22). On Friday, 7th Dec, I was at the station when the prisoners were brought in—I saw that Crewe's coat had buttons on it when he was placed in the cell, and when he was taken from the cell it had no buttons on it—the buttons were gone—I afterwards examined the cell, and found these three buttons in it—(The buttons were handed to the Jury, and found to correspond with those found at the prosecutor's,)





JAMBS M'RAW
 (police-sergeant, D 15). I produce a certificate of Frewin's former conviction, by the name of James Mulrawn—(read—Convicted Sept., 1847, and confined six months)—he is the person.





ROGER LEECH
 (policeman, D 53). I produce a certificate of Crewe's former conviction, by the name of Nicholas Murphy—(read—Convicted June, 1847. and confined six months)—he is the person.

FREWIN—Aged 21.

CREWE—Aged 20.




GUILTY
of stealing in the dwelling-house
.—




Transported for Ten Years


