



464. 




ELLEN WARDOUR
 was indicted

 for a like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
WOOLLETT
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL JARMAN
. I produce a certified copy of the conviction of the prisoner at this Court—(read—Ellen Wardour, convicted Oct., 1852, for uttering bad coin, and confined four months.)





JOHN SMITH
 (policeman, T 92). I was present when the prisoner was tried on this charge—she is the person.





ARTHUR GRANGER
. I live at Holborn-bars, and am a stationer. The prisoner came on 19th March, about half-past 3 o'clock in the afternoon—she asked for a quire of note paper—it came to 4d.—she gave me a good sovereign—I was about to give her change in silver—the asked if I could oblige her with a half-sovereign, which I did, and I took notice that the half-sovereign was a good one—I am positive of that—while I was speaking about the change, another woman came in, and stood close by the side of the prisoner—she asked for a sheet of paper—I served her; and while I was getting the paper, the prisoner was ringing a half-sovereign on the counter, as if trying its goodness—the other woman said, "I suppose it is only cracked

—that woman went away directly—she had been near enough to the prisoner to receive anything from her—the prisoner gave the half-sovereign back to me—I am positive it was not the one I had giren her—I told her she had changed it—she said she did not know what I meant—I told her I should give her in charge—I gave the bad half-sovereign to the constable.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoner give you the bad half-sovereign? A. Yes; she said it was a bad one; she offered it me, to give her a good one for it.

JURY. Q. Did you serve the other woman the sheet of paper? A. Yes; my attention was taken off her to get the paper under the counter.





SUSAN MARSHALL
. I am searcher at the station. I searched the prisoner and found on her three half-crowns, two shillings, and 2d. in copper, all good.





GEORGE PHELP
 (policeman, F 90). I took the prisoner into custody—I received this bad half-sovereign from the prosecutor.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. This is a bad one.
(The prisoners statement before the Magistrate was here read as follows:—"I did not ask the gentleman for a half-sovereign; he took a bag of silver and the cashbox, and said I might have silver or gold; I said I did not can which it was ")




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years
)
