



1183. 




SAMUEL NAYLOR



, stealing 1 smoking-pipe, and other articles, value 6l. 2s.; and 17 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the property of 



William Butt, in the dwelling-house of 



Ann Butt: having been before convicted.






WILLIAM BUTT
. I am servant to Ann Butt, a widow; she keeps a coffeeshop, in Rufford's-buildings, Islington; it is her house. On 28th March the prisoner came there about half-past ten o'clock at night—he asked for a bed—I let him have one in the back-room on the first-floor—he said he was to be called the next morning at eight—that room joins to mine—I had a trunk in my room under my bed—next morning I got up at half-past four, and at a quarter before twelve, the same day, I was going to my trunk, and missed it

from under my bed—I found it under the bed where the prisoner had slept—it had been broken open, and I missed from it four shirts, five handkerchiefs, and the other articles mentioned—I had seen them safe in the trunk at half-past twelve the night before—I slept with my door fastened, and I found it fastened in the morning—the prisoner had left the house about a quarter-past eleven that day—I did not see him between the time of my getting up and his going away—I was in the kitchen, and saw him pass the window—he had no bundle, but he had a brown sack coat on—I have since seen a pipe—this is it—it was in my box—it is mine—here is a crack in it—I was in the habit of using it—I am quite sure it was in the box—the value of all the articles lost was about 7l.—the house is in the parish of St. Mary, Islington.





WILLIAM LANGLEY
 (police-sergeant, F 42). I took the prisoner on 13th April—I asked him if his name was Nay lor—he said, "No, it is not; it is Addersby"—I said, "I believe you are the person that I saw tried at Clerkenwell, for the same offence for which I am going to take you, for robbing a coffee-house, in Middle-row, Holborn"—he laid, "You are mistaken"—I found this pipe in his breast-pocket.





WILLIAM BUCK
 (policeman, F 116). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—"Convicted Nov. 1850, and confined three months")—I was present—the prisoner is the person—there were fourteen coffee-shop keepers, who came and identified him as having taken a lodging for the night, and robbed them, but no property could be found.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

