




1199. 




ROBERT HILL
 and 




GEORGE KIMPTON



, stealing 1 bowl, value 1s.; 2 shillings, 2 sixpences, 8 groats, and 4 pence, the property of 



Stephen Henry Green: Hill having been before convicted.






AUGUSTA AMELIA LOUISA GREEN
. I am between twelve and thirteen years old, and live with my father Stephen Henry Green, who keeps the Red Lion in the Greenwich-road. On a Thursday evening in May, the prisoners came there and asked for a pint of potter—I served them, and they took it to Mr. Colson's, the fishmongers—about a minute or two after, I heard a noise, went into the bar-parlour, and saw Hill on his hands and knees just coming away from the till, and Kimpton standing outside the bar—they both ran away—I saw some farthings lying about the bar which were not there when I left two or three minutes before—the silver bowl in the till was gone—I think there were two shillings, six or seven fourpenny-pieces, and two or three sixpences in it, and there were some farthings gone from another bowl—I called my mother.





GEORGE KING
. I am a miller, in the service of Mr. Mumford, of 3, Frances-street, Deptford. On 9th May, about a quarter-past eleven o'clock, I was standing at the mill-gate, which is twenty yards from Mr. Green's, and saw two boys come out from there, and run past me—Kimpton was one, and he had something hollow in his hand, with something in it which glistened very much—I did not observe the other boy.

Kimpton. Q. How do you swear to me? A. By the appearance of your face—I saw you again a week after—I heard a complaint from the prosecutor, three or four minutes after.





GEORGE BENSOR
 (policeman, R 22). I received information—I found the prisoners at a coffee-shop in Church-street—I asked both of them where they came from—they said, "From London"—I asked what money they had—Hill produced one shilling, six 4d.-pieces, and a farthing, and Kimpton one shilling, two 4d.-pieces, and 4 1/2d. in copper—I asked where they got it—they said they earnt it at the "Waterman's Pier" by carrying parcels—I asked if they had been in any public-house—they said, "No"—I brought them to Mr. Green, and they were identified—the bowl was afterwards brought back.






JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman, R 38). I produce a certificate—(read—Robert Hill, Convicted Sept. 1849, and confined six months)—I was present—Hill is the person—he had been sumarily convicted before.

HILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.


KIMPTON—


GUILTY
.*† Aged 16.—



Confined Three Months and 



Whipped.


