





662. 




HENRY GRIGGS,



 EDWIN JAMES POLLARD
, and 




THOMAS COLE



, robbery, with violence, on 



Charles Blake, and stealing from his person 1 breast-pin, and 1 handkerchief, value 4s., and 5 half-crowns; his property.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BLAKE
. I am a watch-maker, of the Waterloo-road. On Saturday night, 3rd Feb., about half-past eleven o'clock, I was at the Flying Horse, Walworth-road—I met two friends named Skelton there, and went into the tap-room, and had some porter—the prisoners were there—they followed us out towards the Elephant and Castle—we went into a pie-shop—the prisoners came in—Cole asked me if I would give him a pie, as he had not had anything to eat these two days—I put down half-a-crown, and asked for 6d.-worth of pies—I was deep in conversation with my friend—he told me Pollard had taken the change up—I told him to ask him for it—William Skelton asked him, and he said it was all right—Skelton said there would be a row if we stopped to have a bother about it—I and Skelton went into the London-road, and turned down York-street—William Skelton stopped at the corner to make water—I was knocked down in York-street, and kicked, and saw Pollard seize me by the throat, and he nearly choked me—the other two prisoners rifled my pockets—I lost five half-crowns, some small silver, and a gold pin out of my stock—I was insensible for a minute or two—when I came to myself, they had escaped—William Skelton came and picked me up.


Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. You had had a drop of drink? A. Very trifling—I went to the public-house to meet Hobbs, my man, and met the Skeltons at the bar—I had not seen them for three months—there were several other persons there—I do not know who took up my change—I was not very drunk—we might have had a couple of pints of porter—I had never seen the prisoners before—I and the Skeltons were not holding one another to support one another, only taking one another's arms—York-street was all dark—I had eight half-crowns at the Flying Horse, and spent about 18d. in liquor—I did not know the prisoners were following me till I turned round.





FREDERICK SKELTON
. I was with Blake—I know Cole by sight, but not the others—they followed us out of the public-house—we went into a pie-shop, but I was talking, and saw nothing done there—we left, and my brother stopped to make water—we went down York-street—I was knocked down by one of the prisoners, I cannot say which—I got up, and called, "Police!"—I saw a man holding Blake by the throat, and rifling his clothes—I ran to the top, but could not see a policeman—I returned, and found Blake smothered in mud.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A tailor, of 8, St. Ann-street; I had been drinking very little—I had not been in the house five minutes before Blake came in.





WILLIAM SKELTON
. I am a ship-rigger, of 3, Osborne-place, Brick-lane. I was with my brother and Blake, and saw the prisoners in the public-house and in the pie-shop—Blake called for 6d.-worth of pies, and laid down 2s. 6d.—2s. change was put on the counter—Pollard took it up, and put it into his pocket—I asked him to give it to Blake—he said, "It is all right"—I told Blake, and he said he had better lose the 2s. than get into any row—we went along the London-road—I stopped to make water, and the prisoners passed by me, down the street, and then crossed the road—I went down the street, and saw Blake on his back in the middle of the road, and the prisoners running away.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Blake a little fresh? A. No, none of us—I have been tried for stealing a bit of bacon, and found guilty—Blake does not keep a house of ill-fame, but a watchmaker's shop.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How long is it since you were tried? A. Twelve months ago—I was sentenced to six months, but it was mitigated to four.





GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (policeman, P I). I took Griggs on 4th Feb., in the tap-room of the Flying Horse—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing of it—I took Cole on 6th Feb., and told him the charge—he said, "All I know is that I left the Flying Horse, with four or five others, and went to a pie-shop, and was going to have a drop of drink, and turned down York-street, and there I saw a man, with a corduroy jacket and trowsers, catch hold of a man, while another had his hand in his pocket; I ran away, and so did the two Skeltons."





RICHARD MOSS
 (policeman, P 330). I went to the Flying Horse on the Monday, and took Griggs and another person, who was not identified—I returned in half an hour, and found Pollard—I said he must consider himself in my custody, for highway robbery—he said he knew nothing about it, and he would be b—d if he would go—he was very violent, and struck me several times; I had my eye closed for a week, and could not get my clothes on, through his striking my arm—I took him to the station.

GRIGGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

POLLARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

COLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.






Transported for Seven Years.


