




1501. 




JOHN SCHOFIELD
 and 




JOHN EFFERANCE



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 



Charles Lacey, from his person: Schofield having been before convicted.





JOHN LARKE
. I live in Goswell-road. On 7th July, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I was in London-wall, and saw the prisoners behind a gentleman, and saw Efferance put his hand into the gentleman's pocket—Schofield fell back, so as to screen him as much as possible from my observation—the gentleman turned into Basinghall-street—I went after him, and asked if he had lost anything—I then ran after the prisoners, when they saw me they began to run, and I called out "Stop thief!"—I kept them in sight down Philip-lane, Addle-street, and Aldermanbury, where I lost sight of them for a few minutes, and then Efferance was taken by Hodges—I went to Moor-lane station, and gave tin? charge, and Schofield was brought in.

Efferance. Q. Can you swear to us by our faces? A. Yes; I lost sight of you for a second.
Rev. 



CHARLES LACEY
. I am the rector of Allhallows, London-wall. On 7th July, I was in London-wall, I turned into Basinghall-street, and the last witness came to me, and in consequence of what he said, I found I had lost a silk pocket-handkerchief, which I had when I left home, a few minutes before—this (produced) is it—I know it by its general appearance—I turned round when Larke spoke to me, went into London-wall, and he pointed out two men to me, who were walking along the pavement towards Wood-street, a little distance before us—Larke called out "Stop thief!"—the two men instantly began to run, and I saw them run round the corner of Philip-lane, and the mob followed—I went down Philip-lane, and saw a woman holding up a handkerchief—I went, and saw it was mine; I took it, and gave it to the police-sergeant.





ANN FRY
. I am the wife of John Fry, of 8, Philip-lane. As I was coming down-stairs, I saw a handkerchief in my passage, I picked it up, and gave it to the last witness—this is it—my door always stands open.





EDWARD KNIGHT
 (City-policeman, 72.) On the afternoon of 7th July, I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" in Finsbury-pavement, and saw Schofield running, followed by a crowd—I went and caught him.


Efferance. Q. You only saw me in the mob? A. No, you were at the head of the mob—you resisted very violently on the way to the station—some woman came out of a public-house and said, "That is not the man. "





JOSEPH HODGES
 (City-policeman, 120.) I saw a crowd running in Fore-street, leading from Aldermanbury towards Moorfields, and saw Efferance come off the step of a public-house, and he said "Is it me you want?"—I said, "Why did you run?"—he said he was running after the others to catch the thief, and went in there for half-pint of beer—I asked him to go with me to Fore-street and Little Moorfields, when Larke came and said, "You are the man I want, that picked the gentleman's pocket"—he denied it—at the station I found he had this cap on, with a wig inside it (produced,) which alters his appearance very much.

Schofield's Defence. I was not there at the time; I was only running with the mob, the same as any one else. (Schofield pleaded Guilty to the previous conviction.)

SCHOFIELD—


GUILTY
.** Aged 18.

EFFERANCE—


GUILTY
.* Aged 21. 



Transported for Seven Years
.
