



710. 




CHARLES MELBOURNE (27)


, Feloniously wounding 



William Murrell, with intent to murder. 2nd COUNT., with intent to do grievous bodily harm.


MESSRS. BODKIN. and
ROBINSON. conducted the Prosecution.






GIDEON CROCKER
. (Police sergeant, G 9). On Saturday morning, 6th June, about 20 minutes past 2 o'clock, I was on duty in the Haymarket, and saw the prisoner in company with another man—I had received information with respect to a burglary that had been committed—I did not know the prisoner sufficiently to justify me in apprehending him, but I had information that led me to believe that he was connected with that burglary—I was standing at the corner of Panton Street, they passed me down the Haymarket, and I believe went into a public house—I immediately sent to the station, and Murrell, another constable, came—we went into the public house, and not finding them there, we came out and found them in the Haymarket, standing with three females, under a shop front, about three doors from the corner of James Street, close underneath the shutters of the house—Murrell and I walked down the Haymarket, and the prisoner and his male companion immediately made round the corner of James Street, and went along James Street—I suppose they had recognised us—after they got round the corner they separated—I followed the prisoner; when he had gone some distance he suddenly turned round and faced me, at the same time having both hands in his pocket—I came up to him, and said that he must go with me, that he was wanted for an attempt at burglary—Murrell at the same time came up, and said, "That is the man"—he took hold of him on one side, and I on the other, and walked along James Street—when we had got about half way along James Street, I asked Murrell where the other man was—he said he did not know—I said, "Then you secure this one, and I will go and look for him"—I then left them, Murrell having hold of the prisoner, and went towards the Haymarket; I had scarcely reached the Haymarket before I heard the report of firearms, and a call for assistance—I immediately turned back, and saw Murrell having hold of the prisoner by the left arm, and four females surrounding him—just as I got up to him, Murrell said, "For God's sake, lay hold of him, he has shot me"—a second pistol was then fired—I saw the prisoner's right arm up, and the smoke appeared to come from the direction where he stood—I got in at him as quickly as I could between the women, and secured him by the other arm—I took him to the station and searched him—I found on him this knife, eleven gun caps, forty-five small shot, and five pebbles, four that fit the pistol, and one that will not—Murrell had the pistol, and took it to the station—I also found on the prisoner two boxes of lucifer matches, a ramrod that fits the pistol, and 10s. 11 1/2 d. in money—the charge was read over to him, he made no reply.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Can you tell at all in what direction the second pistol was fired? A. Yes; I should say by the appearance that it was directed at me; I judge so from the position in which the prisoner stood, and the way in which he lifted his right arm up, that it was meant for me as I came up; I was about three yards from the prisoner, and the four women were between me and him and Murrell, he must have fired over their heads; he was rather above me, because he was on the pavement and I was on the carriage way—there were no other persons round at that

moment, to my recollection; I did not see any, I was intent on Murrell, seeing the state he was in, I did not look round—I do not know who was behind me—the other man who had been with the prisoner was gone, he was not behind the women—he could not have been in the street or I should have seen and secured him—I did not see anybody but Murrell, the prisoner, and the four women at the moment the pistol was fired—others came up immediately afterward, other constables came up immediately—I have no doubt that the pistol was fired by the prisoner's hand, from the direction of the smoke—I could not undertake to swear positively that it was fired by him, but the smoke came from the direction of his hand, and I saw his hand up at the same time—I should judge that three of the women were the same that I had seen with the prisoner and his companions in the Hay-market, by their dress and appearance, but I had not the opportunity of seeing their faces—Murrell had hold of the prisoner's left arm, I believe, getting the pistol away from him—I could not say exactly what they were doing, I could not say they were struggling—the prisoner's back was towards the railings, and Murrell was facing him.





WILLIAM MURRELL
. (Policeman, C 80). I was on duty at the station, on Saturday, 6th June; in consequence of a message that was brought there, I went to the Haymarket, and found sergeant Crocker at the corner of Panton Street—I was in my police uniform, and so was Crocker—we went into a public house to see if the prisoner was there; he was not—we waited a few minutes outside the public house door, and we then saw the prisoner in company with another man at the corner of James Street; we went down towards them, Crocker went first—the two men separated, and ran away up James Street, towards Leicester Square—they took different routes Crocker went after the prisoner, springing his rattle, and I followed him; I observed Crocker come up with him—the prisoner turned round and faced him deliberately, when I was within two or three yards of them—I told Crocker, in the prisoner's hearing, that he was the man—I had been looking for him before; for some reason I had I thought it proper that he should be apprehended—Crocker and I secured him, and walked back down Panton Street, into James Street, the same direction in which we had followed the prisoner—when we got into James Street, Crocker said, "Where is the other man?"—I said, "I do not know;" the other man had entirely disappeared then—Crocker said, "You take charge of the prisoner, and I will see if I can find him;" he left me with the prisoner in James Street—as soon as Crocker had left, the prisoner asked me what he wanted him for, I told him he had better ask him—we walked about two paces further, when he fired the contents of this pistol into my face—I did not observe where he took the pistol from—I had him by the right sleeve, and he put his hand up to my face—it was with his left hand that he fired it; it was close to my face when he fired it, I should say not further than three or four inches, if so far—I was wounded in the mouth—I retained my hold of him, wrenched the pistol from his hand, and called for assistance—Crocker came up, and on his coming up the prisoner fired a second pistol at him—Crocker was then about two or three yards off, coming towards me from the Haymarket—the prisoner fired the second pistol with his right hand—I did not see any one near at that time—I believe there were some women, they did not interfere—this pistol I wrenched out of his left hand—I could not find the other pistol, and I never have found it—I was taken in a cab to the hospital—there was a pebble in my face that had been fired from the pistol; it was cut out, it had gone through to the jaw.


Cross-examined. Q. It was a marble, was it not? A. No; a stone, the surgeon has it—I believe it took a direction a little sideways, but I cannot say exactly—I could not tell whether the pistol was pointed right at me or sideways—I was not struggling with the prisoner before he fired, he was walking very quietly, he never resisted the least till he fired—I did not notice what he was doing until he actually fired—when he fired the second pistol I had got him in custody, and was struggling with him.





AUGUSTUS OLIVER APLIN
. I am house surgeon at Charing Cross Hospital. On the morning of 6th June, Murrell was brought there about 3 o'clock—I found a lacerated wound on the left side of the chin, about a quarter of an inch in circumference—it was not bleeding then, but evidently had been—I probed the wound and discovered a foreign body impacted in the soft parts round the chin—this is the pebble (produced), it reached the bone—it had evidently been stopped in its progress by the bone—the wound in itself was not dangerous, through the stone not having gone farther, and also from the impulsive force not having been sufficient to injure the jaw; I suppose there was not sufficient gunpowder put in—it was directed inwards, and to the right side; the chances are, if it had gone in straight it would have turned towards the neck, towards the large arteries; it is a great Providence that it did not do so.

Cross-examined. Q. Judging from what you saw, was not the pistol, in all probability, fired sideways? A. I should think it had not been directed straight to the man; I should think it had been fired sideways.




GUILTY. on the Second Count.
—



Transported for Life.

