




1025. 



MARY LEONARD
 and 



ELIZA CONNER



, robbery on 



John Bass, and stealing from his person 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown, 5 shillings, and 1 sixpence; his moneys.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN BASS
. I am a superannuated inspector, and live in Park-place. On 3rd May I was in Clapham-park—the prisoners followed me a considerable distance—there were gas-lamps, and I could see their faces—Leonard came up to me on the right side, caught me by the arm with her left-hand, and asked me how I did, and to go home with her—I said, "No, I don't want you"—I just put her away—she laid hold of me by the collar with her left-hand—I slightly turned my head to disengage myself, and perceived a man—Leonard applied a heavy blow to my mouth, which I thought was with a handkerchief, or some soft substance, but it stunned me—before I could recover myself, I was struck a heavy blow with a fist on the back of my head which stunned me—it was from neither of the women—I fell on my left side—Leonard threw herself on the top of me, and at the same moment I received several severe kicks in the back, which could not be from a woman—Leonard kept the handkerchief to my month—I resisted all I could to keep it away, for I suspected there was something deliterious which I was to inhale—I smelt something unpleasant, but the time was so short I could inhale but a very little—Conner laid hold of my watch—she had a difficulty to get it out, but she did—I caught it by the guard, and had it in my hand when the police came—Leonard got her hand into my pocket with the money, and took some out—I laid hold of her hand, but could not hold it—I felt money in her hand—I got two or three pieces of money, and put them under my thigh on the ground to take care of them—I lost half-a-sovereign and about 8s.—I called "Police!" and "Murder!" and a policeman came—I was very much alarmed—I was not six hours out of bed from Friday night till Tuesday morning, and my head was very much affected—I had to use applications both to my head and back—I am not sure that I inhaled anything—I did not know the policeman—I still kept crying "Murder!" after the second policeman came up.

Leonard. Q. If I put a handkerchief to your mouth, how could you call out? A. By severe struggling I got the handkerchief away—I was not lying on the ground when you came up.

Conner. Q. If you were senseless, how do you know that I took your watch? A. I was so far sensible that I knew what was going on; but if the police had not come, I must have given way—I was perfectly sober.





WILLIAM MITCHELL
 (policeman, P 229). I was in Clapham-park, and heard cries of "Murder!" and "Police!"—I found Bass lying on the foot-path

and the prisoners were three or four steps from him walking away—I stopped them, and asked them what they had been at—Leonard said, "It is not us, policeman, it is a man just ran down that way," pointing to the very way I had come—I had met no one, and must have done so if any one had gone that way—I took them both to Bass, who was lying down—he said he had been knocked down by two females and a man, and robbed—his watch was in his hand—he said Leonard had pulled it out—that he was knocked down and hit on the side of the head by Leonard, and then received a kick or blow on the back by a man who he had got a glimpse of—he seemed hardly to know what he was about, as if tipsy, but when he got to the station, he came to himself very quickly, and said he had lost a sovereign and eight shillings—sixpence, a penny, and a pawnbroker's ticket were found on Conner—about four o'clock in the morning, I found two shillings and a half-crown in the grass, fourteen or fifteen yards from the spot where Bass lay—both prisoners had walked in that direction; I found one shilling and a sixpence where he lay—he said he had taken money from his pocket and put it there—there was a gas-lamp 100 yards off.

Leonard. You said you would let us go, and take him to the station; he said he would strike you with his stick and us too. Witness. He would not believe I was a constable at first till I turned my light on; but another constable came up who knew him, and called him by name.





WILLIAM JESSES
 (policeman, P 138). I heard cries of "Murder!" and "Police!" and found Bass on the ground, with his watch in his right-hand, and the guard twisted round his wrist—he seemed quite stupified from alarm and confusion—I have known him fourteen years, and never knew him tipsy—he is a very respectable man—he kept calling "Police!" after I got up to him—I called him by name, and he asked who was speaking to him—I said, "Jessee," and he said, "I am all right, the police have come"—I stood him up on his legs, and took the prisoners in charge—when we had got about fifty yards towards the station, Leonard said to Conner, who was about ten yards behind, "I would have stopped the old b—r's hallooing if I had known I should be caught like this, the b—y old thief; I would."

Conner. Q. Was not he in such a state of intoxication that he required two policemen? A. He was injured to that extent that he could not walk, and was obliged to be carried.

Leonards Defence. I have not done such a thing.

Conner's Defence. When we went up we found him lying on his back, calling out "Police!" and "Murder!"

LEONARD—


GUILTY
.

CONNOR—


GUILTY
.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

(
The officer stated that both prisoners had been convicted of similar offences, and had had six months imprisonment).

Before Russell Gurney, Esq.

