



1372. 




ANN JOY
, 

stealing 3 half-crowns, 10 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the moneys of 



William Godso, from his person.






WILLIAM GODSO
. I live at Yeoman's-row, Brompton. Last Tuesday I met a friend from Birmingham, was drinking with him, and got rather the worse for liquor—about 1 o'clock I changed a sovereign at the top of Sloan e-street, and received in change three half-crowns, ten shillings, and sixpence—I put it into my trowsers-pocket—I came to myself next day, and found I had no money.





MARY ANN WRIGHT
. I am servant to Mrs. Barnes, of 13, Princes-gate. On Tuesday evening, between 4 and 5 o'clock, I saw the prisoner and prosecutor turned out of the Cock, and they came and sat down at the corner of North-street—I saw the prisoner put her hand into his pocket and take out half-a-crown, and put it into her pocket—she then brought him to my mother's door, which is 10, New-road, and he sat down again there—she then undid his trowsers, and took some money out of his trowsers pocket—I could see about five or six shillings—she then said, "Father, you have been out on the drink all the week; I will give you something when I get you home"—first she called him father, and then grandfather—he was quite drunk and could not help himself—they continued at our door, and she said, "Father, I will go and get half a pint of vinegar, and then we shall both go home together"—she went away, and the boys took the prosecutor and laid him on a dunghill—a policeman came—I told him the prosecutor had been robbed—he took him to the station—the prisoner was quite sober.





WILLIAM THOMAS WERREN
 (policeman, B 298). In consequence of information from Wright, I took the prisoner about a quarter-past 11 o'clock on the Tuesday night—she was very tipsy, and offered me 6d. to go about my business—I saw some money in her hand, and endeavoured to get it out—she would not allow me—I took her to the station, and there found it was 6s. 7d.

Prisoner's Defence. On Tuesday afternoon I was in Billingsgate-market, and did not leave till about half-past 5 o'clock; when I got to this place, I saw the man lying on the pavement, but did not touch him.




GUILTY
.** Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

