



1813. 




MARY CUMMINGS



, stealing 2 twenty-franc pieces, 2 five-franc pieces, 10 pieces of foreign coin, value 2l. 4s. 6d., 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown. and 4 shillings; the moneys of 




Giovanni Tirone, from his person.






GIOVANNI TIRONE
 (through an interpreter). I am a cabinet-maker, and

am lodging at the Ranelagh Club, Ranelagh-road, Thames Bank. On the night of 14th Sept. I was in the street, about a quarter of a mile from where live—I cannot explain where it was, because I am a stranger here—I met the prisoner and another woman, and walked with them a short distance—I went with the prisoner into a place where there were buildings going on, and I had connexion with her—the other woman remained a little distance off—I gave the prisoner one shilling from my purse, which I took from my trowsers-pocket, and put back again—she could see me take the shilling out of my purse—I had also two twenty-franc pieces, two five-franc pieces, an Austrian coin, three Genoese coins, one sovereign, one half-crown, and four or five shillings also, in my purse—we then left; and after the prisoner had gone, I missed my purse and money—I ran after the prisoner, but did not catch her—I gave information to the police—I am quite sure the prisoner is the tame woman—this money (produced) is what was in the purse—there is no mark on it, but it is foreign money—I have not seen the purse since.





HENRY PAULINO
 (policeman, B 33). On the morning of the 15th I received information, and afterwards took the prisoner and another female into custody, in Peter-street, Westminster—I told the prisoner she was charged with robbing a foreigner; she made no reply—I took her to the station, and she there said, "It served him d—d well right; they are a very mean set; they never give more than 1."—she put her hand into her pocket, and took out some money; I grasped her hand, and took 5s. 6d. and some foreign copper pieces from it—she was afterwards searched by the female searcher, and I received the money from her—the prisoner said the prosecutor gave her one foreign piece, and another Frenchman gave her the other pieces.

Prisoner. I said several foreigners gave me foreign pieces.





ELIZA JOHNSON
. I am the female searcher at Vincent-square station. On 15th Sept., about 1 o'clock in the morning, I searched the prisoner there, and found the seven foreign coins before produced, and one English half-crown, in a small white handkerchief, in her bosom—I gave them to Pauling—I said to the prisoner, "It is not long since I had you at Clerkenwell?"—she said, "No, it is not; but I suppose I shall be lagged this time."

Prisoner's Defence. I came out with 5s. 6d., and met with some foreigners, who gave me the foreign pieces; I was taken up before, on suspicion, and let out.




GUILTY
.*† Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
