




1229. 




JOHN BRAY
 and 



CHARLES CHAMBERLAIN



, stealing 1 gelding, 1 set of harness, and 1 cart, value 15l.; the goods of 



John Court, the younger: Bray hating been before convicted.






JOHN COURT
. I live in Mint-street, Borough. I am a shoemaker I live with my son, John Court—on 29th April, he had a grey pony, a harness, and a cart—his name was on the cart—I and my son saw them safe in the stable at eleven o'clock that night—my son went home with me—I went to, the stable alone at half-past nine o'clock next morning—I found the door was locked—when I had unlocked it, the pony, harness, and cart was missing—I received information from a horse-dealer at Romford, and I saw the same any, and cart, and harness, at half-past nine that Wednesday night, at Mr. Standford's, in Acton-street, Kingsland-road—they cost my son 15l. 11s., but he would not take 20l. for them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PATHS. Q. What is your son? A. A grocer and cheesemonger; he keeps a shop—we came from Greenwich last quarterday, but we did not know what sort of a place the Mint was, or we should not have come to it.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Do you know Chamberlain? A. I hare seen him—I do not know where he lived—I have heard one or two say he has been there many years—I have heard the house he lives in it just round the corner.





RICHARD MILLIR
. I live in North-street, Was worth. I know Bray, and I know the other man, by sight—I saw them on the morning of 30th April, on the Mile End-road, leading owards Romford—they were in & cart with a grey pony—there was another person with them—they passed me going in the direction of Romford—when I got to the Plough public-house the pony and cart were at the house—I passed Bray and Chamberlain at the horse's bead—I asked the price, and Chamberlain said, "Eight guineas"—I went on to Romford—when I had been there about an hour, I saw Bray there opposite the Bull public-house—I heard a man of the name of Bangham ask him for his money back, or he would give him in charge to a policeman—Bray said, "Fetch forty or a hundred policemen if you will, it is ray own property, and I have a right to do as I think proper with it"—I am not aware whether Bray saw me—he said, "Here are plenty of people that knew me"—he appealed to several people, and I said, "Your name is John Bray, is it not?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "You live in the Mint, don't you?"—he said, "Yes"—Bangham asked him for his money—he spoke about a receipt, and they went into a public-house—I went in after them to have half-a-pint of porter, before I went to London—Bangham asked for a receipt for the money; Bray said he could not write, and some gentleman said he would write it for him, and he said what name should he write, and he said, "John Williams"—said, "Why don't you write your own name, Jack Bray?"—he did not say any more, and I walked out and went on with my two horses—when I went into the public-house, the horse and cart were standing outside—it was the same I had seen before—it had the name of John Court outside the shaft.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You saw it at the door of the Plough? A. Yes; about 100 yards beyond Bow-bridge, towards Romford—I will swear there is such a house—it is the first public-house over the bridge on the right-hand side—my business is to go to public markets to bring up horses that are bought; and if a gentleman gives me a horse to sell, I do it—gentlemen do trust me—I do not deny that I have been in custody—I have been unfortunate more than two years ago, but thank God I have reformed—the first time I was convicted is upwards of three years ago—I was tried in Surrey, at Stones-end—I got fourteen days; and about a month after that, I got two months—Mr. Cottenham gave me that—I reformed after I had the two months—I never was in custody after that—I was committed to the Old Court here before I had the fourteen days—I was tried before Mr. Justice Pollock—I came without a stain on my character, and was discharged with the same—I was committed on suspicion of stealing a watch from a gentleman, in the Kent-road—they did not make out the case—the prosecutor was there—there was no mistake in the name, or any thing of that sort—I got off because I was not guilty—I did not call any witnesses.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLI. Q. You saw the two policemen, and a third man? A. Yes; I know the other man by sight, not by name—I have not seen him since—I had seen him before about the Borough—I did not know the prosecutor till I saw him at this Court.





JOHN FITCH
. I am ostler at the Three Rabbits, at IIFord. I recollect on the morning of the last day of April, seeing Chamberlain at the Three Rabcutor between seven and eight o'clock—he came in a cart with a grey pony; there were two more with him—they all came into the house—they might top about half-an-hour—I do not know whether they had any thing to eat—Chamberlain gave me something as they went away—I have seen the horse and cart since—it was shown to me by the officer on the Monday following—it was the same—I noticed that Chamberlain had a wooden leg.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. This is a house of call—a great many people come there? A. Yes—I bad not seen Chamberlain there before, as I know of.





JOHN TOMLINSON
. I live at Romford, and am one of the Essex constabulary. On Wednesday, 30th April, between eleven and twelve o'clock, Bangham came to me outside the Bull public-house; in consequence of what he said to me, I went in the public-house—I saw Bray there—I saw a man writing on paper, and Bray made a mark—I heard him give the name of John Williams, 2, Adam's-place, Red Cross-street, Borough—I did not sign the paper—I heard Bangham say he had bought a horse and cart, and he had a doubt about it—that was at the time the paper was signed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were there other persons there? A. Yes; I am sure it was Bray—I saw him, and knew him again, at the South-wark police-court—I knew him by his general appearance—I saw him, and beard him give his name and address—I saw him put a cross to the paper—I did not see Miller there.





JOHN BANGHAM
. I am a horse-dealer. I was in Romford Market on Wednesday, 30th April—I saw the prisoner there—I bought a grey horse and a cart of Bray, for which I gave him 6l. 15s.—I observed the name of John Court on the cart—I was commissioned to buy it for 7l., and I had the 5s.—I was afterwards commissioned to go after the parties I bought it of; I found Bray at a public-house, near the railway-station—I asked him if he knew any one in Romford that would come and satisfy me about the horse and cart—he said, "Yes;" and he referred me to Mr. Ogden—I went to him, and he

said he could not recognise him—I told Bray I was not satisfied, he must give me my money back, or I would get a policeman—he said I might bring forty policemen, or a hundred; it was his own property, and he might sell it, if he liked—he afterwards went to the Bull, and I brought a policeman in—Mr. Comes was there, and he wrote a receipt—Bray gave the name of John Williams—he put a mark, and said he could not write—I have seen the horse and cart since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What did you do with the horse and cart? A. I went up and down the market; I let it stand at the Bull nearly an hour—I was commissioned to buy it for Mr. King—he gave me 7l.; I got it for 6l. 15s.—Mr. King afterwards sold it to Mr. Barker.

MR. COCKLE to JOHN FITCH. Q. Describe the cart that you saw? A. It was dark-green, picked with white on the wheels—there was a name on the shaft, but I could not read—it was a smallish grey pony—I was spoken to about it on the Monday following—a great many bad put up at our house between the Wednesday and the Monday.





JAMES COOMES
. I am a horse-dealer. I was at Romford Market on 30th April—I wrote a receipt that day—Bray was' present when I wrote it—he gave the name of John Williams, and I wrote it on the receipt—he gave hit address, Adam's-place, Southwark—I said Southwark was a large place, what street was it near?—he said Redcross-street—I saw the horse, it was a grey horse, and the name of John Court was on the shaft of the cart.





ROBERT FENNING
 (Police-Serjeant, M 4). On 30th April, I took Bangham in charge for buying a pony and cart, knowing them to be stolen—I found on him this receipt—on Friday, 2nd May, I took Chamberlain—I told him the charge was for being concerned with Bray in selling a pony and cart—he said he got his living in a different way from that—I found the horse and cart in possession of Mr. Standford, in Kingsland-road—Mr. Court told me it was there, and he went with me.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. When did you receive information? A. On Wednesday, from Mr. Court, jun. I did not then learn Chamberlain's address, I discovered that the following morning—he was not in custody—I took him at his own door, on the Friday—I believe he is a housekeeper, he keeps a private ouse—I went in the house, but not to the back premises—he has been out on bail.





THOMAS RICHARDS
 (police-serjeant, M 10). I apprehended Bray, on Sod May, in the Mint, on a charge of stealing a horse and cart, and selling it—he said he never sold one, he never bad one to sell.






JAMES COOMES

re-examined. This is the receipt I wrote—(read—"Received, April the 30th, 1851, of Mr. John Bangham, the sum of 6l. 15s., for a grey pony, a cart, and a harness. John Williams, his X mark.")





JOHN DELANEY
 (police-serjeant, M 18). I produce a certificate of Bray's former conviction—(read—convicted August, 1849, and confined six months) he is the person—I have known him these five years—he was tried in this Court on 19th Aug. last, and acquitted. (Chamberlain received a good character.)

BRAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Tears.


GHAMBERLAIN—


NOT GUILTY
.
