



667. 




HENRY JAMES, alias
 James Henry, alias
 James Myers, alias
 James Shallon




, stealing 1 carpet bag, 1 coat, and other articles, value 1l. 9s.; the goods of the 

Eastern Counties Railway Company. 2nd COUNT, the goods of 



William Cousens.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
HUDDLESTONWE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM COUSENS
. I live at Bramiey, in Surrey. On 8th May I was with my son at the Eastern Counties Station, Shoreditch, and was about to start by the train—I had a carpet bag and hat box with me, which I left in Clark's charge at the entrance of the booking office while I got a ticket; when I

came back the carpet bag was gone—I next saw it in Clark's hands—it contained a coat, a handkerchief, a lady's shawl, and some other things.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You left it on the platform? A. Yes.





THOMAS CLARK
. I am in the service of the Eastern Counties Railway Company. On the afternoon of 8th May, about 20 minutes to 3 o'clock, I was at the Shoreditch station, and received a carpet bag and other luggage from Cousens—they were in the lobby adjoining the booking-office—about 10 minutes after I saw the prisoner in the lobby coming off the platform—he had a carpet bag in his hand; I asked him if it belonged to him, and he said it did—I said it did not, and he then said he had got one somewhere, he could not tell where it was—I asked him if he could see it among the other luggage which was lying about there, and he said "No"—I showed him a quantity more luggage which was being put into the train, and asked him whether he could see it there—he said, "No"—I asked him where he was going, he said he was going to a station between London and Stratford—the train does not stop there; and then he said he was going to Stratford—the train does not stop there—I gave information, and took him into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not turn the bag over and look at it, and then say, "No, it does not?" A. Yes; he asked to be allowed to search for his bag, and he went back and searched for it—he was then taken to the station master, and taken into custody—he did not in my hearing, after he was taken to the station master, ask to be allowed to go back to search for it—the station master is not here—I saw him select the carpet bag when I was about ten yards from him; he was coming towards the platform.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Before he went to the station master had he seen the luggage? A. Yes.





JOHN ROBINSON
. I am an officer in the service of the Estern Counties Railway Company. On 8th May I took the prisoner into custody, and received the carpet bag from Clark—the prisoner said he had got a carpet bag; I asked him where, and he said he had left it on a cab—there was luggage on the platform; he did not look amongst that while I was present.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say he had got a bag somewhere, he could not find it, and he supposed he must have left it on a cab? A. Words to that effect.





GEORGE TRUE
. On Saturday, 8th May, I was on the platform at the Shoreditch station—I saw the prisoner there, and one of the Company's guards was holding a carpet bag by him—the guard asked me, in his hearing, if I knew him—I said I did not—the guard said, "I have caught him going away with this carpet bag"—I asked him what his name was, and he said, "James Shallon"—I asked him what he was, and he said he was a master tailor, and lived at 19, New Kent-road—I asked him if he knew any public houses there—he said no, but he lived next door to a chandler's shop—I asked him where he was going; he said, "To Stratford"—I asked if he had any ticket; he said, "No"—I asked him if his carpet bag was locked; he said, "No," he had the key, but not with him—I asked him what the bag contained, he said four shirts only—I asked where he left it, and he pointed to the second class waiting room door, and said, "I put it down beside the door," and that he had taken this in exchange.

Cross-examined. Was the train about to start? A. Yes; I was going by it—the tickets are issued from 10 minutes before the time of starting.





THOMAS MERTON
. I was a constable at the Eastern Counties Railway Station, Shoreditch, in 1848. I then knew the prisoner—he then gave his name "James Henry."






JOHN BAKER
 (policeman, A 456). In Oct. 1850, I heard the prisoner give his name "James Myers."





GEORGE TRUE

re-examined. I went to this direction in the Kent-road, and no such person lived there.

MR. PARRY. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate? A. No; I have been in the country a month.

One of the Jury, while they were considering their verdict, asked whether any bag belonging to the prisoner was found, upon which






GEORGE GRITTON
 (officer of the Railway Company, who was not sworn, stated), I am station master in the absence of the master—I have searched for this bag, and it has not been found—I have not found a bag with four shirts in it.

MR. PARRY. Q. Things not found are afterwards sold, are they not? A. Once in two years—we have a depot for the goods.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been twice before convicted.)





JOHN BAKER

re-examined. I was present at the Newington Quarter Sessions, in Oct. 1850, when the prisoner was tried for stealing a portmanteau from the London-bridge Railway Station—I produce a certificate—(read: James Myers, convicted Oct. 1850, of stealing a portmanteau, a coat, and other articles, value 4l., of Francis Moore; 
Confined six months.)





THOMAS MERTON

re-examined. I produce a certificate (read: James Henry, convicted at'the Central Criminal Court, Oct. 1848, of stealing five gowns, and one wooden box, value 7l. 3s., of Thomas Williams; Transported for seven years)—the prisoner is the person—he was pardoned on account of ill health.


GUILTY. Aged 30.

MR. ROBTON (for
MR. PARRY) submitted (in arrest of judgment) that as the witness Gritton, of whom a material question had been asked, was not sworn, the conviction was invalid. The
COMMON SERJEANT
having consulted
MR. BARON ALDERSON, directed the Jury to retire again, and reconsider their verdict, leaving out the evidence of Gritton.
MR. PARRY
objected to this, the verdict having been recorded, and two previous convictions proved.
MR. BALLANTINE
pressed the Court to pass sentence, leaving
MR. PARRY
to take any course he thought proper afterwards. The
COMMON SERJEANT
directed the Jury to reconsider their verdict, and, having retired for about five minutes, they again found the prisoner



GUILTY.

The two previous convictions were again proved (MR. APRRY
objecting), and the prisoner was ordered to be 


Transported for Seven Years.

