



339. 




JOHN FRENCH



, stealing 1 mare, price 18l.; the property of 



Anthony Morris: 2nd COUNT, feloniously receiving the same.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.







ANTHONY MORRIS
. I am a draper, and live at Brentwood. I had a mare in a field belonging to Mr. Neale—I saw it safe on Sunday, 25th Nov., and missed it on Sunday, 2nd Dec.—I saw it in the policeman's possession on the Monday fortnight afterwards—it is worth 18l.





CHARLES NEALE
. I live at Brentwood. The mare was in my field—I saw her safe on 1st Dec, and missed her next day.





ROBERT WHITE
. I am a servant, and live at Brentwood—I was in the New-road, Paddington, on 14th Dec, and saw the prisoner leading a mare—I had seen some description at Brentwood, and looked at the mare's mouth—I concluded it was the same mare, and asked the prisoner where he got it—he said a Mr. Hill, of Edge ware, had given him the mare to lead, and Mr. Hill was to meet him at the Buffalo's Head public-house at two o'clock—I said I thought I knew something about the mare, and the prisoner tried to tie her to the tail of a cart, but the cart was moving, and he was obliged to lead her—I then crossed the road, and told a policeman—the prisoner tied the mare to the back of a dray which was passing, and ran away.





EDMUND RAYMOND
 (policeman, A 387). On 14th Dec, in consequence of what White said, I went towards where the prisoner was, and saw him leading a mare—while I was speaking to White, the prisoner tied her to a dray—he then walked to a corner, and turned the corner, and ran off as fast as he could—I pursued him, and called "Stop thief!"—he was taken—I took him to the station, and asked him where he got the mare—he at first said she was given him by Mr. Hill, of Edgeware, and he would meet him at the Buffalo's Head at two o'clock—he afterwards said she was given him by Mr. Hill in the New-road, and afterwards, that it was given him by a man he only knew by sight—the mare answered the description in the Hue and Cry—the prisoner first said that he lived-in Somerset-street, Whitechapel, and afterwards, Somerset-street, Bethnal Green-road—I could not find it—this was about three streets from the Buffalo's Head—I did not wait at the Buffalo's Head to look for Mr. Hill.

Prisoner. I told you I lodged at Mr. Rogers's, in Serle-street, but I did not know the number. Witness. No; I afterwards found that you lodged in Sale-street, Bethnal-green-road—you said you lived at No. 12 or 19, but I found it was 24—I am quite clear you said you lived in Somerset-street—I went to a place in Moss Bank, where I found a person named French, and when he saw me he ran away, and from information I found you lived in Sale-street.





JOHN DEVINE
. I live in Bowling-green-place, Marylebone. On 14th Dec. I was taken by a man to the Buffalo's Head—I saw the prisoner standing at the door with a mare—I asked him the price of it—he said 8l.—I said that was rather more than the person could give that wanted it—I said, "If you don't sell it between this and four o'clock, if you bring the mare to me, I will make you an offer"—he said, "I am not particular to a pound or so"—he said he was going to take the mare to the White Lion—the mare that I saw in possession of the officer was the same that the prisoner showed me.

Prisoner. I told you I did not know the price, but the man would be there at two o'clock. Witness. No; you said 8l. was the price—you said nothing about Mr. Hill.

Prisoner's Defence. On 14th Dec. a man employed me to lead a horse to the Buffalo's Head, Marylebone, and promised to meet me there by two o'clock in the afternoon, and while on my way there I was apprehended; I know nothing of the man; he said his name was Hill, and he lived at Edgeware,

but I am not able to make the necessary inquiries; I was at Bankside on the Saturday that it is said she was stolen; persons of the name of Boston and Pretty were with me; why did not the man wait to see if Mr. Hill came? it is not likely I should lead the mare about an hour, in the middle of the day, if I had stolen it.




GUILTY

of Receiving. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years


