



1926. 




GEORGE SENIOR



, feloniously receiving 300 yards of de laine, 300 yards of merino, and 300 yards of cloth, value 100l.; the goods of the 

London and South-Western Railway Company.—Other COUNTS, for harbouring 



Charles Whicher and 



William Plampin, knowing them to have committed a felony, &c.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






EMILE DE LEAL
. I am a clerk, in the employment of Messrs. Paturle, Lupil, and Co., of Paris. Previous to 17th Feb. we had received an order from Messrs. Candy and Co., for some mousseline-de-laine and merinos—on that day we packed up in a case thirty-four pieces of mousseline-de-laine and two pieces of merino—they were taken to the Douane, or Custom-house, at Paris, the same day—I saw them there; they were examined, and the package was sealed up in my presence—the case was marked, "C. C. and Co., No. 704"—it would go by Havre and Southampton to London.





DENNIS HALLA
 (through an interpreter). I am store-keeper to Messrs. Viltard and Co., of Havre. On 20th Feb. I received a package marked "C. C. and Co.," and numbered "704"—I took it to the Custom-house, and despatched it by the Wonder steamer for Southampton.





JOHN LEVY
. I am superintendent of the baggage-warehouses at the Southampton docks. I remember the Wonder arriving there on 21st Feb.—there was a package on board, marked "C. C. and Co., 704"—it was taken to the upper warehouse, and examined by the officers—it was then put into the railway wagon of the South-western Railway Company—it was opened in my presence, and I saw that it contained mousselin-de-laine and merinos.





JOHN SCOTT
. I am foreman of the goods-warehouse at Southampton. I remember the case, "C. C. and Co., 704," being brought into the warehouse on 21st Feb.—I afterwards saw it loaded into the railway wagon, No. 143—I saw the wagon secured by a tarpaulin—it would leave by the 7.40 train, I believe.





RICHARD SOPER
. On 21st Feb. I saw the wagon 143 fastened down, between 4 and 5 o'clock—the train left Southampton for London about a quarter or 20 minutes to 8 at night.





JAMES POULTER
. I was guard of the 7.40 train on the night of 21st Feb. from Southampton to Nine Elms; it arrived at 1.50—the wagons appeared all safely tied up before we left Southampton—they arrived safely at Nine

Elms—I put the way-bills into Mr. Treacher's office—Kendall was the night-watchman when the train came in.





PETER KENDALL
. I was night-watchman at the Nine Elms station on 21st Feb. I remember the train that arrived at 10 minutes to two o'clock, with Poulter as guard—I should say all the wagons attached to that train were taken away within the hour—a man named Winter was foreman of the unloading gang on the Southampton side—from his situation, he would have access to the wagons of that train before they reached the warehouse, and after too.





GEORGE TREACHER
. I am night-clerk, at the Nine Elms station. When the guard arrives with the train it is his duty to leave the way-bills in my office—the carters' delivery-bills are made out by Messrs. Chaplin and Home from the way-bills—on the morning of 22nd Feb. I made an entry from the way-bill of a package for Candy and Co.—I could not find that package—I delivered the way-bills to Winter—he reported to me that the package "C. C. and Co., 704.," was missing—I did not enter any package for Noone, of Earl-street, Finsbury.





WILLIAM PULLINOER
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Chaplin and Home. We make out ticket from the way-bills and from those tickets we make out the delivery-bills—on 22nd Feb. entered in the delivery-bill (referring to it) a package for Chiswick, "Moore, Finsbury, one box"—I made a mistake, and put "Moore" instead of "Noone"—I gave that delivery-bill to Garrod, for the purpose of taking the articles mentioned to their destination.





WILLIAM CHANDLER
. I was present when the truck 143 was unloaded on the morning of 22nd Feb.—the way-bill was read over by Winter—I could find no parcel marked "C. C. and Co., 704."





HENRY GARROD
. I was a carter, in the employ of Chaplin and Horne. On 22nd Feb. I took a box from Nine Elms station, and delivered it at 22, Earl-street, Finsbury-square—a person there, Mrs. Plampin, I believe, signed the delivery-bill, in the name of Noone—that was my voucher to return to my masters for the delivery of the goods—she paid me 1s. 8d. for the carriage—the name of "Plampin" was on a zinc plate on the door.





WILLIAM PLAMPIN
 (a prisoner). I formerly lived at 22, Earl-street, Finsbury-square; I have now come from Winchester gaol, where I am under a sentence of transportation. I know a person named William Winter—in Feb. last, he was a porter at the Nine Elms station—I also knew a man named Whicher—he was a greengrocer and coal-merchant—I know the prisoner Senior—I have known him about six years—I recollect Saturday, 22nd Feb. last—Winter and Whicher came to my house, at or about 1 o'clock that day—they made some inquiry—a box afterwards come to my place—my wife took it in, between 6 and 7 in the evening—it was inclosed in a piece of coarse sheeting, and directed to "Mr. Noone, 22, Earl-street, Finsbury; to be left till called for"—I assisted to open the box—there was a direction on the box; it was not on a card, but on the wood of the box itself—that box was taken away from my house by a man named Vincent, a carman—Whicher sent him for it.





WILLIAM VINCENT
. I was sent for a box to Plampin's house—I broke it up and burnt it for firewood.





WILLIAM PLAMPIN
 (continued). The direction on the box was "C. C. and Co."—I assisted to open it—Whicher was present—I found it was filled with Paris-de-laines and two pieces of black merino—there were tickets upon them, like these (looking at some), of this shape and description—Winter afterwards came, and he and Whicher took the pieces out, and they were

packed upon the top of a small chest of drawers at my house—an arrangement was come to between us as to their disposal—after that arrangement, I saw a person of the name of Wolfe Abrahams—they commonly called him Woolley Abrahams—I afterwards went down to the Mitre, and there saw Abrahams and Myers—after leaving the Mitre, Whicher told me to go somewhere; in consequence of which, I went to Senior's house—he kept the Black Dog public-house, Sun-street, Bishopsgate, at the corner of Longalley—I found him at the end of the bar, by himself—I asked him if he knew any one that would buy any pieces of de-laine—he asked me to bring some patterns down—I took some down on the Sunday evening—I first saw him about 3 o'clock on the Sunday, and in the evening I took him the patterns, and showed them to him—I went home, and cut the patterns off—after looking at them, he said they were splendid goods; he should not buy them himself, but he could recommend me to a man—I then left, and left the patterns with him—I went again on the Monday morning—I saw Senior, and he said he would take me down to a man—he said he could not go then, as his wife was ill, but told me to call the next day—I called next day, and from day to day down to Friday—I saw him every day—he said he could not go this day, and he could not go the other day; that his wife was not sufficiently recovered—on the Friday he sent for me—I was at home when the person came—my wife answered the door—I did not see the person that came—in consequence of a message I received, I went to his house—I went into the bar-parlour, and found Sayward and Senior there—they were examining the patterns which I had taken—Sayward asked me what I wanted for them—(that was in Senior's presence)—I said, "A shilling a yard"—Sayward said he could not give a shilling; he would write on a piece of paper what he would give, and he wrote "8d."—Senior said he could afford to give 1s. for them—Sayward doubted whether they were all wool; but after examination with him and Senior, they considered they were all wool—the patterns contained both the de-laine and the merino—the price ultimately agreed upon was 8d. for the de-laine, and 9d. for the two pieces of black merino—the price was reckoned up—Senior got a little book; I think they call it a ready-reckoner—Sayward was casting up how much it would come to, each piece—Senior said, "What do you make them come to? I make them come to 1l. 17s. 4d. a piece, at 8d. "—they cast up the whole lot, so that they came to 56l. 9s. 4d., I believe—at that time only the patterns were there—Sayward said he should like to see a whole piece or two, and asked me if I could not go and fetch them; and I went and got two pieces, and brought them back to Senior's—Senior was still there—Sayward examined them, and laid them out at full length, as they were folded, and asked Senior for a yard measure—Senior got a yard-measure, and Sayward measured them—he did not unfold them—he measured them as they laid, and counted the folds—they were in folds of about a yard and a quarter—Sayward took the two pieces away—Senior gave him two sheets of paper to put them in—there was no other person present on that occasion—Senior's son, George, was in the bar, attending to the customers—I think he is about twenty years of age—after Sayward left, I told Senior that I was to make him some recompense for his trouble in recommending a customer—he said he did not want any money—he said, "D—n the money; give me a piece or two of the stuff"—he gave me two patterns of what he chose, and I took the pieces to him myself, the first Sunday in March—I delivered them in his presence, laid them on the bar-table in the bar-parlour—there was no one else present—a man named Sayers saw me come out—(there were twenty-eight yards in

each of the pieces I took to Senior)—Sayers said to Senior, "You have been up to some of your old games again, Master George"—it was spoken in a jocular sort of way; in fact, I do not know whether the man ever recollected such a circumstance—those were the words made use of—the goods were ultimately taken to Sayward's; but before I left Senior's on that occasion, Senior upbraided me because I let the goods go so cheap—he said I was a d—d bad salesman, and it was a pity I should have such things to deal with—I went to Senior's again on the following Friday, after I had left the goods, for a part of the payment—Sayward and Senior were present—we were outside the bar on that occasion—I believe no one was present—10l. was paid to me—I had previously received 20l. in Senior's bar-parlour, on the Friday night, when the goods were sold—that was in Senior's presence—a sort of receipt was given for the money, in Senior's presence—he supplied the piece of paper—he might have seen what was written on it—this is it (produced)—I should rather say all this was not written at that time—the "Sixty" was not on it when I put the signature to it—I put the signature in Senior's bar-parlour, in his presence—I believe nothing was said in his presence as to the nature of it, or what it was for—I then left—when the second instalment, 10l., was paid, on the Friday after, the first Friday in March, Senior asked me if Sayward had paid me—I said, no, he had not; he had paid me 10l.; and he said he was fiddling of me—he said, "Don't you know what I mean?"—I said, "Not exactly"—he said Sayward was afraid that some one would halloo about it—he said whenever he (Senior) sold him anything, he always gave him a regular bill.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You were examined, I think, on the trial of Mr. Sayward, with a man named Whicher? A. Yes; I then stated how this money had been disposed of—it was disposed of between me, Whicher, and Winter, the whole of it—I had part of the six pieces—there were thirty-four pieces of Paris-de-laine—I had three lengths, of fourteen yards each—I had no whole piece—Whicher had the majority of the six pieces—there were four taken down to his house; in fact, the whole six pieces were taken to his house on the first occasion—I cannot say whether Whicher had four of the pieces or not—I brought the contents of one piece from Whicher's, together with three lengths for myself; and that which Senior had was one piece, in two halves—the rest was left at Whicher's house—how many that was I cannot say—Winter was to have had some, but I believe he sold his to Whicher, from what I understood—Senior had two half pieces—I was sentenced to ten years' transportation for the gold-dust robbery—I am under that sentence now—I do not know what the Secretary of State has done for me—I know of nothing yet—if my sentence has been commuted it is more than I know—it has not been communicated to me—I am not expecting a commutation, that I know of—I cannot say that I have any expectation of anything of the sort—all I can say is, when I left the prison I found the ticket over my door, "10 years transportation,"the same; and I have heard nothing to the contrary since I have been here—I cannot say that I shall get anything by giving evidence; I do not expect to—I had a very uneasy mind, and I was very glad to get these things off my mind—I was uneasy after my conviction, and so I was before—I would have got off if I could, decidedly—I pleaded not guilty—I was innocent of the charge of which I was found guilty; and I should not have been in my present situation if it had not been for Mr. Senior; for he has drawn me and many others into many a scrape of this description.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you sent a petition to the Secretary of State?


A. I sent one—I have not received any answer to it, or any communication upon it—I do not know what the result of it is—the six pieces that were taken to Whicher's were independent of the pieces that were sold to Sayward—they were taken to Whicher's after I had the negotiation with Sayward—the goods were removed from my house to Vincent's, and when they were removed from Vincent's they were taken round to Whicher's—the charge against me at Winchester was receiving a certain portion of gold-dust.





MARY PLAMPIN
. I am the wife of last witness—I know Whicher and Winter—I remember a parcel coming to my husband's house on Saturday, 22nd Feb.—it was brought by the witness Garrod—I paid him 1s. 8d., and 2d. I gave him for himself—I signed the delivery-bill in the name of Noone—this is it (looking at it)—the box was afterwards unpacked—it contained mouseline-de-laines and merinos—they were put on the drawers in the bed-room, and afterwards packed up in a box and a wrapper, and taken away—on the Friday morning after the goods had come, I remember young George Senior calling between 10 and 11 o'clock—he said something to me—I told my husband what he had said, and he went out to go to Senior's.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever been threatened with prosecution? A. No; I am quite sure of that—I had a dress of this stuff.





JOHN SAYWARD
 (a prisoner.) I formerly carried on business as a linen-draper in Hereford-place, Commercial-road East—I was convicted here at the last Sessions of receiving these stolen goods—I come from prison to give my evidence to-day—I know the prisoner—I have known him ten or twelve years—I remember going to his house in Feb. last—I went there of my own accord—I was passing that way—I saw Senior there—I had some ale, I think at the bar—he asked me to walk into the bar-parlour—I do not know exactly what day this was, but I think it was on the Tuesday previous to 28th Feb.—I think there were some patterns of de laine lying on the table when I went in—I asked him what they were—he said a party had got them to sell—I would rather decline answering whether I had had previous transactions with Senior—he did not say the name of the party who had them to sell—he sent for Plampin, who came—I am not quite certain who he sent, but I believe it was his son—I had never seen Plampin before—he was introduced to me by Senior as the person who had got the goods to sell—I then had the patterns before me, and was examining them—I asked Plampin the price—he said a shilling a yard—I am not certain whether Senior was in the room just at that particular moment or not—he was in and out of the bar during the time we were there—I objected to the price—I did not mention any amount at that first meeting as to the price of the goods; but I asked to take the patterns with me—I went away, and took them with me, to consult my brother—I went again to Senior's house on a Friday—I am not certain whether Plampin was then in the bar or not—I went into the parlour—I do not think he sent out for Plampin then; I rather think he was in the bar, but I cannot say—I saw him, and offered to give 8d. a yard for them all round—that sum was not accepted—I bought the lot for 57l. nett—I offered to give 1d. a yard more on the black, as he objected at first to 8d. a yard—I made a calculation to ascertain the amount it came to, and Senior did so also—I do not know how he made the calculation—he had a book in his hand—I believe it was a "ready-reckoner"—I have not had the slightest conversation with Plampin with reference to this matter, either before or since his conviction—I believe 57l. was the exact amount that was paid for the goods—on the second occasion I saw two whole pieces of the goods—Plampin went away and fetched them—I believe I counted the folds

of those two pieces—I took them away with me—they were not folded in yards—they were more than a yard long—I did not have a yard-measure—I counted the folds, and guessed the lengths of them—I wrapped them up in a sheet of paper, and took them away—the paper was there, at Senior's—I do not know whether they were brought there in a piece of paper or not—I did not pay any portion of the money on that occasion—I paid, I believe, 20l. on the same evening—I made an invoice of the goods on a piece of paper—this produced is it—I believe the invoice was made out on my desk in my shop—this is the invoice that Plampin signed in my shop on the payment of the 20l.—I paid it in my shop, and he signed it there—the bulk of the goods had then been delivered—they were delivered on the Friday evening after I had been to Senior's—I have not the least doubt but the invoice was written and the money paid on my counter—the goods were brought by Plampin in the cart of a man named Vincent—I saw Senior again the next time I went there—I do not know how long after it was; but it was a very short time—I should not think it was more than a week, or it might have been ten days—I do not know that there was anything said then with Senior—I was twice there, and made two payments there—I do not recollect that Senior said anything about the goods on those occasions—the first and last amounts I believe were paid in my shop, and the two amounts between were paid at Senior's, to Plampin—I cannot say whether Senior was present—I do not know whether one was paid in the parlour or not, or whether both were paid in the shop; but I know one was paid to Plampin in the shop; whether the other was, I will not undertake to say—they were small amounts; I cannot recollect what—20l. was paid on the first occasion, at my shop—8l. 10s. was the last amount, when I wrote "settled" on the bill—that was paid at my shop—I did not give Senior any portion of the mouseline-de-laine then—on a subsequent occasion, I believe after the affair was settled, I made him a present of two dresses, of either ten or eleven yards each—he said something about the goods—I think he asked how I liked them, and I said they turned out better than I expected; and he asked me to make him a present of a dress, and I gave him two dresses—at the price I bought them, that would be about 15s.—I sold them at 1s. 21/2 d. a yard in my shop—that was a good profit—we must have profit sometimes, we have plenty of loss—I sold the black at 4s. 11d., which I had bought at 9d.; but I paid double for them, for they were only half the length they should have been.

Cross-examined. Q. Has a request been made to you by the prosecutors to give evidence in this trial? A. I have been brought here for that purpose this morning—I saw Mr. Crombie, who said I should be required to give evidence—they have not held out to me the hope of any mitigation of my punishment, and I should not have believed them if they had—my sentence is twelve months' imprisonment—they have not threatened me with any other proceedings—I have not heard of anything of that kind from any one—my sentence was for receiving these very goods—I kept a shop at that time in the Commercial-road—it was a large shop—I had three houses—I had carried on business there about fourteen years.





HENRY SAYERS
. I am a cabinet-maker, and live at 27, Long Alley. I have known the prisoner about four years, since he kept the house close to me—I once did a little job for him—his Christian name is George—I have been in the habit of calling him by that name—I have seen Plampin—I have seen him at Senior's—I cannot say when I last saw him there—it was just before he was taken on the gold-dust charge—Senior has frequently been present

when I have seen Plampin there—I frequently saw Plampin there, just before he was taken into custody on the gold-dust charge—I cannot say whether I made any remark to Senior in Plampin's presence at any time; we were always laughing and joking together—we were in the habit of going there very frequently; in fact, Plampin worked for me at times, made some clothes for me—I do not recollect on one of those occasions saying anything to Senior—I may have said something about "old games;" but I was so many times there, and we were always laughing and joking about different things, that I cannot say anything that it refers to—I cannot recollect what I said about "old games"—I was intimate with Senior as a neighbour—I have not seen him at all since the last Session till this week—I have no doubt I said to him, "What, George, are you at your old games?" in the way of joking—I have no recollection of any particular occasion when I said so; it is a sort of thing I might frequently have said, and meant no harm by it either—it might have been about drinking a glass, or anything of that kind—I was in the habit of using his house five or six times a day.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known him keeping this public-house? A. I should think about four years—it is a gin-shop—it is frequented by tradesmen who reside in the neighbourhood.





WILLIAM VINCENT

re-examined. I know Plampin—in Feb. last I removed a box from his house to mine, and afterwards took it to Mr. Sayward's—I don't know what was in it.

Cross-examined. Q. Plampin was with you, was he? A. Yes, and Whicher.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-inspector, G.) I apprehended Whicher—I afterwards went with inspector Field to Senior's, on Monday evening, 28th July, for the purpose of making inquiry as to what he knew—we were admitted by his son into the bar-parlour—Field told him he was an inspector of the detective police, first telling him his name, and asked whether he knew a person named Whicher; he said he did for many years—I then asked whether he knew he was in custody; he said he had heard so since he had been home, that he had just returned from the country—Field then asked him if he knew a person of the name of Plampin; he said, "Yes"—he then asked him whether he knew a man named Say ward; he said he did, he occasionally dropped—in there to have a glass of ale, or 3d.-worth of brandy—he then asked him whether he recollected any business transaction between Plampin and Say ward, referring to some merinos; he said, no, he did not—Field said, "If Say ward were to say you did, would he be telling the truth?" Senior said, "No; and if he were to say so in my presence, I would blow the b—s brains out"—I asked him if he had any samples of the merinos; he said, no, he had something to do besides watching his customers.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you have never had an opportunity of mentioning this conversation before? A. No.





CHARLES WILSON
. I am manager to Messrs. Candy and Co., of 4 and 5, Watling-street, consignees of the mousline-de-laine and merinos. I saw the mousline-de-laine and merinos before the Magistrate; they were from the manufactory of Messrs. Paturle and Co.—the wholesale price of the mousseline-de-laine is 1s. 51/2 d., and of the black merino, 10s. 6d.—it is of the finest quality.





EMILE DE LEAL

re-examined. I saw these goods here on the last trial—they were the articles I sent.





LEWIS CROMBER
. I am managing-clerk to Messrs. Bircham and Dalrymple. I attended at the police-court on the charge against Whicher and

Sayward—the prisoner was examined as a witness—this is the deposition he signed—I saw him sign it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear it read over before he signed it? A. Yes (read—"George Senior, on oath, says:—I kept the Black Dog, in Crown-street, Finshury. I am a licensed-victualler—I live now at 48, Brunswick-street, Hackney-road—I know Mr. Sayward, the prisoner, these ten or twelve years—I know William Plampin, who used to live in Earl-street—I have known him nine years, when he belonged to a Lodge of Industry of Old Friends, at my previous house—I know the prisoner Whicher since I have been in town—I knew him when he was employed at Mr. Wood's—I cannot recollect as to Plampin and Sayward coming on any particular day to my house; as I take 8l. or 9l. in pennies and twopences, it would be impossible to say any particular persons were in my house on any day—I do not recollect introducing Plampin to Sayward—I do not recollect any sample of merinos and mousseline-de-laines being left with me—I never saw any, to my knowledge—I did not have a piece of merino—I was not present when Sayward and Plampin met at my house, to my knowledge—I did not send my son George to Mr. Plampin's about Feb. last, to come to my house to see Mr. Sayward, not to my knowledge—I never sent him, to my knowledge, for the purpose—I should go myself, if necessary, and I never went myself)—I believe Plampin had not been examined at the time Senior was examined—I think he was examined on a subsequent occasion—Senior was not subpoenaed—I will not be certain whether he attended the first day without a summons, or not; but in consequence of what took place, it was necessary to summon him afterwards—he was not brought there in custody the first day—he might have stayed away if he had pleased—he was under no compulsion to attend—he surrendered to take his trial.

Mr. Parry submitted that there was no case for the Jury upon either Count; the only evidence of a receiving was upon Plampin's evidence. Mr. Justics Maule thought there was evidence for the Jury, though he had great difficulty in seeing any material confirmation of the accomplices.


Charles Gordon, distiller, Goswell-street, and William Fern, clerk to Truman, Hanbury, and Co., deposed to the prisoner's good character.





GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Inspector Brannan stated that the prisoner's house was frequented by bad characters; that he had been employed to watch the prisoner's conduct for some years, though he had not been able to bring any charge home to him.


Before Mr. Justice Cresswell and the Third Jury.

