



540. 




WILLIAM HALL, alias
 Ward




, feloniously uttering a forged note purporting to be a 5l. Bank of England note.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosccution.






JULIANA PHILIPPA MASSEY
. I am the wife of Charles Massey, a tobacconist, of 164, Oxford-street—he keeps a betting list—on Tuesday night 13th April, about 10 o'clock, the prisoner came there—my husband and I were sitting in the parlour adjoining the shop, having our supper—I went out to attend to the prisoner—he wished to back a horse, named "Nancy,"—I think, for the Chester cup, for 10s.—I called my husband, who came to the counter, and went to the desk to write a ticket—the prisoner handed me a 5l. note—I took it next door to ask for change, which they had not got, and while I was there my husband came in, took the note from me, and sent me home to mind the shop—I found the prisoner waiting there—he said if he had known the difficulty we had to get change he could have got it himself by getting a glass of ale, which I advised him to do, as Mr. Massey appeared so long gone, and he said something about being so delayed that he had better have brought his nightcap—my husband returned in about twenty minutes with an officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFARD. Q. You took the note into your hands first, I believe? A. I did; I did not know that we had not got change; but I did not like to change, it being so late—I went out with it in my hand momentarily—my husband saw it, before I went out, and handled it—we did not say anything to each other about it, the prisoner could have heard us—I said, "I will go next door and get it changed," and went out—I did not object to the look of the note, I merely thought it was late, and I did not know the party passing it—Mr. Massey did not tell me not to change it—I was not gone a second before he came after me, and sent me back—there were two or three other customers in the shop, besides the prisoner, but no one connected with the shop.





CHARLES MASSEY
. I keep a tobacconist's shop, at 164, Oxford-street, and have a betting list there. On Tuesday, 13th April, whilst sitting with my wife in the parlour, the prisoner came in—my wife went out to serve him, and when I understood his business I went to him—he said he wanted to back "Nancy," for the Chester Cup, to the amount of 10s.—I went to my desk to make out a ticket—the prisoner laid a 5l.-note on the counter, my wife took it up, and asked if she should go and get change—I looked at it, and not liking the appearance of it, I said, "Yes, go and get it changed"—she went, and I followed her into the next door, took the note from her, and sent her back to the shop—I then took the note to a neighbour's and compared it with a genuine note—I was satisfied there was a difference, and took it to the police station, in Marylebone-lane, to ask their opinion of it—I gave

the note to Roberts the officer, after putting my initials on it—this is it (produced)—I then returned to the shop with an officer—I said to the prisoner, "I have nearly got into a pretty mess, I have been charged with trying to pass a bad note"—he said, "Who has done so?"—I said, "Come along with me"—he said, "Very well," and he walked with me and the officer to the station, the officer was in his uniform—I did not give him into custody—the inspector asked him his name, and where he lived—he said his name was William Ward, and he lived at 14, King-street, Soho, at Mrs. Williams's, that he occupied two rooms, and that he was a journeyman painter, and had been out of employ some months, and had lived on his money—he was asked how he became possessed of the note, and he would not tell them—he said he did not know, he could not account for it, it was his business—the policeman asked him if he had got any more of them—he said something to the effect that he had got more notes at home—I did not understand him to mean more bad notes, but more money.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How long were you gone for the change of this note? A. About twenty minutes—I did not try at all to get it changed, I merely showed it at two places, to ask the people's opinion upon it—I did not want change, because I had plenty of change in my pocket—I did not express any suspicion of the note in the prisoner's presence—I did not converse with my wife about it—she gave it me in his presence—I told her to get it changed, and said it would require my name and address on it—I did not express my opinion of it by my manner—I must have appeared to him as if I was anxious to get it changed—there were no other persons in the betting room, and when I returned there was no one there but my wife and the prisoner.





CHARLES ROBERTS
 (policeman, D 107). On 13th April, between 10 and 11 o'clock at night, Mr. Massey came to the station with the note—I took it, and put my initials upon it—this is it—I went across to a confectioner's, and compared it with another note, to see whether it was good or not, and while I was gone Mr. Massey went back to his shop, and returned with the prisoner and an officer—I told the prisoner the note was a bad one, and he must consider himself in my custody—I said, "Where did you get this from?"—"Oh," he said, "that is my business; I have got plenty more of them"—"Oh, indeed?"I said—the charge was then taken by the inspector—we asked his name, and where he lived—he said William Ward, 14, King-street, Soho, and he was a painter—I took a cab immediately, and went to 14, King-street, Soho—I found no Mrs. Williams there, or any person lodging there named Ward.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Mr. Massey present at the time you took the prisoner? A. Yes.





TIMOTHY CONNELL
. I am a tailor, and live at 14, King-street, Soho. I have lived there for the last fourteen years—I let a portion of the house—I never saw the prisoner before, to my knowledge—I never had a Mrs. Williams lodging with me.

Cross-examined. Q. Are there any ladies lodging at your house? A. Not single ladies.





THOMAS RICHARDS
 (policeman, M 10). I have known the prisoner from eight to ten years—his name is William Hall—I do not think he has been doing anything particular for the last two years—before that I have seen him serving behind the bar of his father's public house—I saw him not long before this charge was made against him—I never knew him by the name of Ward, or living at 14, King-street, Soho.


Cross-examined. Q. Where did his father reside? A. In Old Gravel-lane—he kept the George for many years, but has been away from it these two years.





SARAH RICHARDSON
. I am the wife of Henry Richardson, of 39, Hall-street, City-road; I have a brother named Gascoigne, a butcher, at 108, Curtain-road, Shoreditch. On Saturday night, 10th April, the prisoner came to my brother's shop, about 9 o'clock—he asked for a leg of mutton—he was shown some—he said they were all too large for his family, and he chose a leg of lamb instead—it came to 3s. 11 1/2 d.—he gave me a 5l. note—he said the leg of lamb was to be sent to 27, Worship-street—I said, "The boy shall take it directly"—when he gave me the note, I told him I was afraid my brother could not give change—I gave my brother the note, he gave the prisoner change, and he left—the leg of lamb was given to the boy, George Cunningham, to take home—I should think the prisoner was in the shop ten minutes, I cannot exactly say—on the Monday week following I went to the House of Detention, and there saw and recognized the prisoner—he is the person that came for the leg of mutton.

COURT. Q. I suppose you are very busy on Saturday night? A. Yes, it is always a very busy time in a butcher's shop—the shop was very full—I did not bestow more time on his leg of lamb than was necessary—I attended upon other customers.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. When you gave the note to your brother, did you go on attending to other customers? A. Yes; a policeman fetched me to go to the House of Detention—he told me that the prisoner was in custody for uttering a 5l. note in Oxford-street—he did not say that the man was in custody who had passed the 5l. note to me—he said there was a man in custody for passing a 5l. note—the prisoner was not pointed out to me at the prison—I am quite sure of that—I saw him in a cell by himself—the policeman was not with me—the young man at the shop was with me—he is not here—he could not recognise the prisoner—I felt sure he was the man—I had some hesitation at first, but I saw him again at Marlborough-street, And was confident then—I had not the same confidence at first that I had when I saw him at Marlborough-street—I told the police that the young man could not recognize the prisoner, and they did not bring him as a witness—he went there for the purpose of recognising him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What was the opportunity, and how was it exercised, of your seeing the prisoner at the House of Detention? A. I was shown several prisoners; I should say eight or nine, or it might be more—one of the officers showed me round—he opened the different doors and told me to look in, and asked if there was any one there I knew—I said yes, there was one there who I suspected was the man, but I could not swear to him positively then.





WILLIAM GASCOIGNE
. I am a butcher, of 108, Curtain-road, Shoreditch. My sister was at my place on Saturday, 10th April—in the course of the evening, about 9 o'clock, I think, a man came in for a leg of mutton—it was the prisoner—he at last selected a leg of lamb to be sent to 27, Worship-street—my sister, who was taking the money, handed me a 5l. note for change, and I gave the prisoner 4l. 15s. 11 1/2 d. out of it—I put the note into my purse and placed it in the till—I had no other note in the house—the prisoner said, "The boy can go with me"—I gave the boy the lamb, and told him to take it to 27, Worship-street, and he went after the prisoner—Worship-street is the next street—the prisoner went that way when he left the shop—I think he was in the shop altogether rather more than ten minutes—I noticed the

note when I received it, and held it up to the gas light and looked at it—I observed the name of "Smith" written at the back, and also some figures—this is the note (produced)—the boy came back shortly afterwards with the leg of lamb and made a communication to me—I then took the note out of my purse, looked at it, and replaced it again—I kept it there till I went up stairs to bed that night, and then placed it in a secret drawer in my bedroom—on the Monday I took it to Messrs. Pocklington and Lacy, in Smithfield, and showed it to Mr. Lacy—it did not go out of my sight—I then put it into my pocket, and at 6 the same evening I took it to the police station in Featherstone-street and gave it to Evans, the policeman—before doing so, I put my name at the back—on the Thursday following I went to the House of Detention—I there saw twelve or fourteen prisoners, and among them was the prisoner—he was the last one I saw—I did not want to see any more—I believed him to be the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go with your sister? A. No; she went a few days after me—Roberts, the policeman, came for me—he did not tell me they had got the man who had passed the note to me—he said they had got a man for passing a 5l. note in Oxford-street, and I was to come and see whether that was the same man—I went through the cells—they opened twelve or fourteen, I should think.

COURT. Q. Did you, before your sister went, tell her that you had been there? A. Yes; and that I had seen the man—I noticed that the man who passed the note had a very full eye, a thin face, and a peculiar action of the neck—he stood by my side—I am rather deaf, and he kept putting his head forward—we had several customers that night.

MR. PARRY. Q. Did not you speak of the party as "a man resembling the prisoner?" A. I did; I said at the police court that the resemblance was most striking, and I say so now—this is my deposition (looking at it)—Mr. Bingham asked me, "Do you believe the prisoner to be the man?"and I said, "I do; the resemblance is most striking"—those were my words—I also said the resemblance was very great.





GEORGE CUNNINGHAM
. I occasionally assist Mr. Gascoigne. I remember a man coming there on the evening after Good Friday—he wanted change for a 5l. note—he bought a leg of lamb—the prisoner is the person—he gave the note to Mr. Gascoigne's sister—I heard the prisoner say the lamb was to be taken to 27, Worship-street—it was given to me, and I followed the prisoner with it—I went towards Worship-street—he joined another man like himself, and walked fast up the Curtain-road—I went oh to Worship-street—I found two No. 27's—I took the lamb to both of them; they would not take it in at either—I brought it back and told my master—some time afterwards, I think it was last week, I came to Newgate, and was shown about a dozen prisoners—I pointed out the prisoner among them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How was it you did not go before the Magistrate? A. I do not know; I was told to go to Newgate—my master and mistress had not told me that they had seen the man that passed the 5l. note, they said nothing about it; they asked me if I knew where Newgate was, and I said no, and they said, "Ask the policeman"—I went by myself to Newgate—I had not heard them talk about having been to the House of Detention, or about the man that passed the note—I knew that a man had passed a note, because I saw him give it—I heard my master tell the man that it was a bad note—I did not hear him say that he had seen the man that passed it, and that he was in Newgate—I knew what I was coming to Newgate for—I did not know the prisoner's name—I did not know that

my master and mistress had been before the Magistrate—I was first spoken to about going to Newgate last week, the day on which I went—my master told me to go and see if I could recognise the man that passed the bad 5l. note—I went and saw about twelve men walking round the yard—Roberts was not with me, nor any policeman, only the turnkey—I pointed out the prisoner.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You were to have gone with Roberts, but missed him; is that so? A. Yes; I went by myself—I told them what I came for—they showed me round, and I pointed out the prisoner.

MR. PARRY. Q. Before you pointed out this man, did not you point out another? A. Yes; they told me to be sure—I only pointed out two, that one and the prisoner—I pointed to the other one because I did not particularly look at this one—I was looking at the twelve men to see which was most like—I saw one that was like, and then I thought I saw another that was more like; this one was more like than the other—after pointing out the prisoner I did not go on looking at any more—I was told that he was the man.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was that after or before you had pointed him out? A. After; when I saw this man I felt sure he was the man—I feel sure about it now.

COURT. Q. I suppose when you saw the first man you were sure, too, were you not? A. No; I said I thought he was the man—they said, "Be sure;" and then I looked at some more, and said, "That is the man"—they did not tell me to be sure then; they said he was the man.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am one of the inspectors of bank-notes at the Bank of England. I have looked at these two notes, one No. 94650, dated 2nd Sept., 1850, and the other 23432, dated 4th July, 1851; they are both forgeries in every respect, paper, plate, and signature; one is pretty well done—they are not from the same plate, and I do not think the paper is the same.

Witnesses for the Defence.






CHARLELS WARD
. I am a printer. On Saturday evening, 10th April last, I was at a public house called the Falcon, I believe, in Old Fish-street, from about ten minutes or a quarter past 6 till five or ten minutes past 10 o'clock—I was drinking some ale at the bar with a gentleman named Hughes, and the prisoner—it was proposed that we should have a game, at cribbage, and we went into the parlour and played—I and a Mr. Williams, the prisoner and Mr. Hughes played—I can swear that the prisoner never left the room, from the time I went there till after 10.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who do you work for? A. Mr. Dick, opposite Mrs. Coghlan's, who keeps this public house—I think the sign is the Falcon—I have known the house for the last seven or eight years—I believe it has been kept by the same landlady—Mr. Williams is not here to day—Mr. Hughes is; he kept a public house some time ago in Bermondsey-new-road—I do not know how far that is from Gravel-lane; I do not know Gravel-lane—I had never seen the prisoner before the night I speak of, the 10th—I think it was the 10th; it was the Saturday before Easter Sunday—I was not before the Magistrate—I nodded to the prisoner when I came into the witness box, because I saw he was the gentleman who was in my company on 10th April—I had not seen him since until to day—swear that.

MR. GIFFARD. Q. You were subpoenaed here this morning, I believe? A. I was; nothing was said to me by the prisoner's solicitor before I came in, about recognizing him—I looked at him, because if I could not have sworn to him I should not have taken my oath.


COURT. Q. You say you were playing cribbage together that night? A. Yes; we commenced about half past 7 o'clock, or near upon 8, and the prisoner never left my company till past 10—that was the first time I had ever seen him in my life, and the last time until to-day—I did not give him my address—Mr. Hughes called on me about this; I have known him some years—I do not know whether he knew the prisoner—it is often the case that you go into a public house and play with persons you never saw before—Mr. Hughes was my partner, and the prisoner and Williams—Mr. Hughes and I won the whole of the games; I believe it was four games; we played for a pint of ale each; we won four pints, and the prisoner and Mr. Williams played off—I sat looking over the prisoner, and telling him what cards to throw out—the landlady charged sixpence too little in the reckoning—the prisoner told the landlady of it, and paid it—I parted with the prisoner about ten minutes past 10, by Mr. Calvert's printing office, going towards Black-friars-bridge.

MR. GIFFORD. Q. Was there not a person of the name of Rowker that although he did not play? A. Yes; but he was only there till something like half past 8 or a quarter to 9 o'clock—we were together—I left work about 6—we make a practice of going over to this public house on a Saturday night, to have a glass of ale.





WILLIAM HUGHES
. I have been a publican. I was at the Falcon on 10th April last; I think I went there five or ten minutes before 6 o'clock, and I left about five or ten minutes after 10—Mr. Ward was there—a person named Rowker, and a person named Williams, and the prisoner—I am sure the prisoner was not out of my company from ten minutes before 6 till I went away.

Cross-examined. You say you have been a publican? A. Yes; I cannot say that the dogs used to fight in my place—I did not have dogs fight there twice a week, never in my life—the sign of the house was the Moulders' Arms, in Red-cross-street, Borough—queerish company came there now and then—I cannot say whether thieves sometimes came; I never asked them—I know nothing about forged notes—I never saw one, that I am aware of—I do not know the market price of them—since I gave up the Moulders' Arms, I have been looking after another public house—I have not left the Moulders' Arms above four or five months—I am now living at 3, Bermondsey-street, in the front parlour—I have two rooms—I am married, but have no family—I have lived there ever since I left the Moulders' Arms—the landlord's name is Clark—I pay perhaps 4s. a week—I left the Moulders' Arms because it did not suit me—I did not fail; the house failed—a person named Rawdon succeeded me—it is not a small house—I left the furniture there, the incoming tenant took it, at a valuation—I have been living on part of the money—I sold it for 250l.—I cannot say what I owed—I paid what I owed as near as I could—I have known the prisoner these eight or ten years, his father kept a public house in Gravel-lane, that was where I first knew him—I cannot say what he has been doing since—I was not particularly intimate with him—I went with him to this public house this night from my house—he came there as we were having tea—I used not to see him very often—perhaps a fortnight previous to that I might see him—I saw him sometimes once a week, or once a fortnight—I cannot tell where he lived—it was somewhere by the Elephant and Castle, but I cannot tell where—I believe his father now keeps a house at Rotherhithe—I think he is here to-day—I think I have seen the prisoner since 10th April—I am not certain—I have not been to see him in Newgate—I do not know how he got his living—I do not know where he was on 13th

April—I was not before the Magistrate; I was subpoenaed here, I think yesterday, by Mr. How the solicitor—I cannot tell when I first heard of his being in trouble, or who I heard it from.

COURT. Q. On what day had you last seen him before 10th April? A. I cannot exactly say—it might have been one day in that week, very likely—I cannot exactly say whether I have seen him since 10th April or not—I have not seen him since he has been in trouble—I remember this occurred on Saturday 10th April, because I expected to get some money from one of the workmen that evening, which I had lent him, and he paid me 10s., and the prisoner happened to be with me which made me notice it, and it was the Saturday before Easter Sunday—I went into the Falcon with the prisoner—I saw Ward there—he came in perhaps a quarter of an hour after we had been there—I think Williams and Rowker came in with him—we were talking, and conversing in front of the bar, from six o'clock till 8, and then it was proposed that we should go into the parlour, and have a hand of cards, which we did—we played four games of cribbage, I and Ward were partners, and the prisoner and Williams—we won three games, and the others one—we played for 3d. a corner, a pint of ale each.





CHARLES ROWKOR
. I am a printer. I went to the Falcon, on 10th April, about five minutes past 6 o'clock—I staid there till five or tea minutes past 9—I and two or three of my shopmates were standing at the bar for some time, and then we went into the parlour—the prisoner was there, and I sat in the parlour with him till nine or ten minutes past 9, and he never left my company—I then went away.

COURT. Q. Did you leave him behind? A. Yes; they played cribbage—I was not playing with them, and I cannot tell who were partners—I was playing at all fives with a shopmate—the others played I think for some ale, and I think they had some gin and water—I did not notice who paid for it—I had some—I was in the parlour all the time I was there.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

