



1177. 




JAMES NEAVES



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Smee, and stealing 1 coat and 1 waistcoat, value 3l.; the goods of 



Edward John Shaw; having been before convicted.


MR. WORSLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD JOHN SHAW
. I am groom in the service of Mr. William Smee, of Woodbury Down, Stoke Newington; I sleep in a room over the harnessroom. On Friday, 9th May, I had been out with the phaeton from half-past ten o'clock till seven, and had the key of the room in my pocket—I left the room locked—I went into the room at seven, and missed a coat and waistcoat, which I had placed in a drawer in the morning—the prisoner was employed on my master's premises as gardener about nine days, and I left him at work that morning—to get to my room you must go through the coach-house and harness-room—they were not locked—I gave the prisoner in custody next morning.

Prisoner. I had the privilege to go to the coach-house to wash. Witness. He had into the harness-room, but not into my room.





EMMA FRANCES BEAN
. I am assistant to Mrs. Crow, a pawnbroker, of Edmonton. On Friday, 9th May, the prisoner came to our shop, between six and a quarter-past seven o'clock, and pledged this coat and waistcoat (produced) for 16s. in the name of John Wayner—he said they were his own property, and he had worn them twice.





EDWARD JOHN SHAW

re-examined. These are the articles I lost—I missed nothing else—there was nothing else in the drawer.





GEORGE LANGDON
 (policeman, N 27). On 10th May, about one o'clock, I saw the prisoner at the Tottenham station, in a railway-carriage that was just going to London—I asked him what his name was—he said, "Smith"—I asked him where he came from—he said, "The Cock and Castle-lane; Kingsland"—I was satisfied that was wrong, and told him he was charged with stealing a coat and waistcoat—he said he knew nothing about it—on the way to the station, he said, "I suppose if you bring this home to me, it will send me away."

Prisoner's Defence. I left there twenty minutes before six, and was at Kingsland at half-past; the stable-door and coach-house were always open; when I went next morning, I was taken to the station, and was discharged; I went to my master, got my wages, and went to Tottenham to see my sister.





MARY NEAVES
. I live at Phillip-street, Kingsland-road; I am the prisoner's mother. On 9th May, the prisoner came to me, about half-past five, or a quarter to six, and remained till eight—I live about three miles and a half from Mr. Smee's—the prisoner's wife's maiden name is Wagner.





ROBERT BUTCHER
 (policeman, N 37). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—James Neaves convicted, Nov., 1850; confined three months)—I was present at that trial—the prisoner is the person—he pleaded guilty.




GUILTY
. * Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

