



263. 




WILLIAM ENTWISTLE WILLIS



, feloniously stabbing, cutting, and wounding 



Mary Willis, with intent to murder her. 2nd COUNT, with intent to do her grievous bodily harm.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY WILLIS
. I am the prisoner's wife, and live at No. 5, Lee's-buildings, Chancery-lane; he is a law writer. On Christmas eve last I went to bed about half past 12 o'clock at night; my husband had gone to bed about 9 o'clock, or half past—he slept in a different bed, and in a different room to me—we have been living very unhappily for a long time—about half past 2 o'clock in the morning he came to my bedside and awoke me, saying, "Poll, I am so cold"—I said to him, "Why come to me if you are so cold? "—he came into bed to me—he said those words as he came in, and I made that reply—the minute I said that, he stabbed me with the carving knife—

I felt myself stabbed—the knife went through my ear, and cut my neck—I bled a good deal—I called out to Mr. Hyatt, who lives in the first floor (I lived in the second floor), and begged of him to come up to me, that my husband had stabbed me; I was still lying in bed when I called out—my husband never spoke to me again—he walked into his own room, and left the door open—when I felt this cut at the back of the ear, I put up my hand to save my throat, and the knife went through my little finger and very nearly cut it off—it was after I was stabbed in the ear that I put up my hand to save my throat—I only received one blow—he had gone into his own room before Mr. Hyatt came to me—he went into his own room as soon as he stabbed me—I was still in bed when Mr. Hyatt came into the room—he brought a light with him; I was bleeding very much indeed—Mr. Jones, the surgeon, was sent for—my husband and I have not had quarrels before this—I had not been on good terms with him that week; he called me very bad names.

Q. Have you been living separately from him for any time? A. It was his wish that he should sleep with the two boys, and me with my two daughters, for we had no other convenience—I have been obliged to support myself and family for some weeks.

COURT. Q. How many children have you? A. I have five living; by the prisoner; I have had six—I have been his wife twenty-two years—my eldest daughter was gone to Islington, to spend Christmas eve; she was not at home at this time—I had nobody in bed with me—my other daughter is in the Welsh school, in Gray's Inn-road—my husband did not sleep with the two boys; the two boys slept on a mattress on the floor, in the same room with him—he slept by himself.

MR. PLATT. Q. Look at this knife (one produced by the policeman); do you know it? A. Yes; that is the knife—it was kept in the table drawer in the room where my husband slept.

COURT. Q. You did not see the knife that he used? A. No; I had no candle—my daughter found it afterwards in the bedclothes—I did not see it found.

Prisoner. Q. Before the Magistrate you said you had been out to a day's work; is that the case? A. Yes; I had been out ever since the first thing in the morning, about half past 6, or from that to 7 o'clock—I was at Mrs. Peters's, No. 2, Tanfield-court, Temple—I left Mrs. Peters's about half past 9 o'clock in the evening; I then came home—you were undressing yourself going to bed, and you began abusing me, and calling me bad names; I begged of you to go to bed, I did not want anything to say to you; for you had struck me that same week, and nearly broke my arm—I went out again—I was to have gone out to work on Christmas day, and I went out to tell the gentleman I should not be able to come, as my eldest daughter was not at home—that gentleman works at No. 3, Tanfield-court—he is a married man—he asked me to come and wash up some plates and dishes—his name is Rabbin—he is a clerk in the Temple—I only went to tell him that I was not able to come to work on Christmas day—I tried to get a person to go in my place, but I could not, because I wished to be at home with my family—I had not passed Mr. Rabbin's in coming home from Mrs. Peters's—I did not know where he lived; it was somewhere in Holborn; I was to go and give him an answer, and then he would give me directions where to go next morning—I came home after having been to Mr. Rabbin's—I did not go out any more that evening—I think I returned home from Mr. Rabbin's about 11 o'clock—I had to go to Mrs. Watts, who recommended

me to Mr. Rabbin—I have worked for her fifteen years—I remained at home after that, and my boy and I had supper together, and then I went to bed—I had had nothing to drink but a little porter; I certainly had a glass of gin given me, that was all—Mrs. Watts gave me that—that was all I drank while I was out—I had a glass of gin and some porter—Mrs. Watts did not give me the porter—I had a half pint of porter with my boy; that was before I went home—I met him in Chancery-lane, as he was coming home from his work; he is about eighteen years old—I had nothing more to drink—I had about a pint of porter with my son; that was at a public house at the bottom of Chancery-lane—I did not go to Mr. Bailey's after that—I had no beer with my supper; I had some broth for my supper: my son and I had a bason of broth together—I certainly was not drunk that night—I will swear that I did not say to my son, "Billy, I am so ill, put me to bed"—my boy brought me a light, and lighted me to bed; I never said anything of the kind—I did not go out to market that night.

COURT. Q. Was the son who had supper with you, the same son that gave you the porter? A. Yes; he lives in the house, he had a very little of the pint of beer, we only had one pint between us.

MR. PLATT. Q. Is there any ground whatever for his complaining of you for being unfaithful to him? A. Not at all; I am as innocent as the babe unborn—I have been faithful to him.





THOMAS HYATT
. I lodge in the same house as the prisoner and his wife. On Christmas morning last, I was awoke between 1 and 2 o'clock in the morning, by hearing some person cry out; it was Mrs. Willis's voice—my name was called out loudly—I put on my small clothes, and went directly to her room; I found her in bed, leaning over the bed, and bleeding very much from a wound in the ear and neck, and likewise a cut on the hand; there was a great deal of blood about—there was no one else in the room—from something Mrs. Willis told me, I afterwards went into the other room, where I found the prisoner on the bed, wrapped up in the clothes—I asked him what he had been doing, and why he did it—he said, if she was not dead, his hand must have been nervous—on looking more closely at him, I found that he had cut his own throat, or partly so; there was a great deal of blood all down his dress, and on his shirt—my son went into the room with me, and when I found the state they were in I sent him for a police officer, and likewise for a medical man; he very soon came back with both—I stopped in the room where the prisoner was, till he returned—I did not say anything further to him, nor did he to me—these parties have lived in this house about five years; they have quarrelled a great deal at times, and very frequently—it appears that the prisoner had been drinking in the afternoon part of this day, but I did not see him—I believe him to have been in a sober state.

Prisoner. Q. You say I said, if my wife was not dead my hand was nervous; did you tell the police Magistrate so? A. Yes, I did.





WILLIAM CHERRYMAN
 (policeman, F 153). On the morning of Christmas day, a little before 2 o'clock, I was called by a son of last witness, to go to the back room second floor of this house—I there found Mrs. Willis in bed; she was undressed—I saw a great deal of blood about the floor, and found her wounded—I then went into the front room, where I found the prisoner sitting up in the bed, and the front of his shirt all saturated with blood—his throat was cut two ways—I got him out of bed, and found this razor (producing it) in the bed, just under where he was lying—it was lying open,

and there were marks of blood on it which are on it now—I asked him what he had been doing; he said he was sorry that he had not done it effectually—Mr. Jones dressed his wounds, and he was taken to the hospital—I had seen the prisoner about an hour and a half before this happened, going towards his house—I considered him drunk at that time.

COURT. Q. About what o'clock was that? A. I should say a little after 12 o'clock, between 12 and 1 o'clock—he was going home.

Q. Just repeat the question that you put to him, and his answer? A. I asked him what he had been doing, and he said he was only sorry he had not done it effectually.





MARY ANN WILLIS
. I am a daughter of the prisoner, and live with my mother. I was out at a party at a friend's on the night in question—I returned home about half past 8 o'clock in the morning on Christmas day—I found my mother in bed, bleeding—I got her out of bed, and on removing her I found this carving knife in the bed—it was always kept in a table drawer in the same room where my father slept—I am turned twenty years of age.





WALTER JONES
. I am a surgeon, and live at No. 27, Fetter-lane. I was called to see Mrs. Willis, about 2 o'clock, on the morning of 25th Dec.—I found her lying in bed, her dress covered with blood—I found a wound in the lobe of the left ear—it was a punctured wound; it had passed right through the ear, and wounded the side of the neck just at the angle of the jaw—there was a cut on one of the fingers; it was not a very bad out; it seemed as if a portion of the skin had been sliced off, as it were, but it was not very deep—this knife would be a likely instrument to do it—it was not found that night—I was shown ft razor that was found in the next room, and I did not think that could have done it—I went into the front room, where the prisoner was; he wag sitting on the side of the bed, bleeding very much from a wound in the neck—it was a jagged wound, and appeared as if it had been cut from right to left, and from left to right, both ways—he had lost a great deal of blood—the wounds were superficial, not very deep—the wound upon the prosecutrix was not a dangerous one as it was—it was in the neighbourhood of the carotid artery, about a quarter of an inch, or so, but it might be influenced by the position of the neck—that is a very dangerous position for a wound.

Prisoner's Defence. My wife states in her evidence that at half past 9 o'clock I was undressing myself and going to bed, and that she was at home at 11 o'clock; the policeman says that he saw me going home at past 12 o'clock at night, the worse for liquor, which Mr. Hyatt says I was not; now if I was in bed at half past 9 o'clock, how could I be going home drunk at past 12? one or the other must be wrong; I shall leave myself entirely in the bands of the Court, and say no more; I am completely sold; I have no money, and not a soul has been to see me; so that I could not possibly get witnesses, otherwise I could have brought forward witnesses to prove very grave things against my wife.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 61.—


Transported for Life.

