




967. 




CORNELIUS BRYANT
 and 




PETER GILL
 were indicted for

 a burglary in the dwelling house of. 



William Thomas Spiers, and stealing 2 ihirts and 2 pairs of stockings, value 12s.; his goods.






MARGARET ALLANDAY
. I live with my uncle, William Thomas Spiers, a builder in Powis-street, Woolwich. On Tuesday, 17th Aug., I shut up the lower part of the house—I shut the window of the kitchen, there is no fastening to it—I went to bed between 10 and 11 o'clock—I was not the last person up, Mr. Spiers was up after me—I was the first down the next morning

—I went to the kitchen window about half-past 6—I found the window wide open, it had been slidden back—I missed from the kitchen two shirts, and two pair of stockings, which I had seen on the Tuesday morning—these are the shirts; I made them—these stockings are the same sort as my uncle had.





JOHN NEWELL
 (policeman, R 340). On Thursday morning, 19th Aug., I was on duty in East Greenwich, about half-past 10 o'clock—I saw both the prisoners walking across the road—I took Gill into custody in consequence of information—he had a small bundle in a little bit of a cloth—I asked him where he got the shirt that he was then wearing—he said he bought it in London, he did not know where—the prisoners were then taken into a public house, and the stockings were found on them—I told them they were charged with stealing these shirts and stockings from Mr. Spiers, in Powis-street—Gill said, "Very well"—one shirt and one pair of stockings was found on each of them.





WILLIAM GLADWIN
 (policeman, R 122). I took this shirt off Bryant—Bryant said somebody had come it on him—he said, "We got them out of the kitchen." (Bryant was further charged with having been before convicted.)





THOMAS CAMPBELL
 (policeman, R 146). I produce a certificate of Bryant's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted llth June, 1849, of stealing two pair of boots, and confined six months)—he is the person, he has been summarily convicted since then.

BRYANT—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.


GILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

