



579. 




ROBERT WISHART



, breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of the 

Guardians of the Poor of the parish of St. Luke, and stealing 2 lbs. weight of bread; value 2d.; their property: having been before convicted.


MR. HUDDLESTONE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HODGSON
. I am an inmate of St. Luke's workhouse, and have care of the relieving-office. On the night of 7th Jan., I fastened up the relieving-office—I opened it in the morning at eight o'clock, and found the window of the bread-room broken open—the door leading from the bread-room into the passage was broken; a piece was cut away—the top part of it is glass, which had been attempted to be removed—the putty was cut away—I found a knife on the bread-room floor; that is where they kept the money—I found a razor on the floor, belonging to one of the inmates, and which I had seen in a hat in the bread-room the night before—a third of a half-quartern loaf had been eaten—the prisoner was an out-door pauper.





MICHAEL GAMBLE
. I was formerly employed in the stone-yard; the prisoner was employed there also—on Christmas day he came to me, and told me he intended to get into the overseer's office, to get some money—I mentioned it to Mr. Newman, the superintendent of the stone-yard—on 6th Jan., about four o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to me, and said he had just come from the relieving-office; that when he was paid over night he never came out of the yard, but hid himself in a watering-place until Mr. Legg was gone—that Mr. Legg came to the watering-place within two yards of him, but did not see him—that he then went round to the back-window, removed some broken glass, got into the bread-room, found a razor in a hat, and used it instead of his knife, to cut a hole in the panel of the bread-room door, because it was sharper—that he hang his coat over the hole to hide it from the watchman who came up, and when he was gone he cut the bar down, and then the watchman came again, and he thought it was best to get away, and he got away over the wall—he said he had left his knife, and wanted my wife to get one like it—this knife (produced) is the prisoner's; I have seen him with it.

Prisoner. Q. Why did not you mention this till the fifth time you were examined? A. Because the other inquiries were about another transaction; I told this to Mr. Newman on 8th Jan.





WILLIAM NEWMAN
. I am superintendent of the stone-yard. A few days before this transaction, Gamble gave me some information—on the 8th he again gave me information, and I directed the prisoner's shoes to be taken off—I saw them compared with some foot-marks leading from the window to the wall—an impression was made by the side of the marks; they corresponded exactly—one shoe had a broken toe and no heel—the

workhouse is surrounded by a wall—the bread-room opens into a passage, from which there is another door leading into the relieving-office, where Mr. Edwards lives, who is a servant of the Guardians, also a nurse and a porter.

Prisoner. Q. What did you do with my shoes all night? A. They were kept at the station; I made no foal use of them.





WILLIAM BILBY
 (policeman, G 190). I took the prisoner, and took his shoes off—these are them—I saw Sergeant Brannan compare them with the footmarks—they corresponded.





HENRY LEGG
. I am the relieving-officer. I had occasion to go to the urinary in the yard, at a quarter or twenty minutes to eight o'clock, but I stopped a few yards short of it—money was generally kept in the office, but there was none that night.





WILLIAM EDWARDS
. I am the foreman of the workhouse, and live in it. I saw the footmarks compared with the prisoner's shoes, they corresponded exactly.
(The prisoner, in a long defence, complained of the allowance made to him by the Guardians; having written several letters to them upon that, and other subjects connected with workhouse reform; and stated that the reason the charge was pressed against him was because he had complained of the Guardians' ill-using the inmates, especially lunatics.)





WILLIAM CHAMBERS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted, June, 1843, of burglary in the City of London Union, and confined six months)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. ** Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

