



560. 




JAMES ADAMS (38)


, Robbery, with others, on 



John Bruce Petrie, and stealing from his person 8 1/2 d., his moneys.






JOHN BRUCE PETRIE
. I am master of the Tyneside. On 11th April last she was lying at Shad well—on that day, between 11 and 12 o'clock, I was on my way to the vessel, and as I was in the Milk Yard, some person came behind me, took hold of my throat, and strangled me; another person took hold of each arm, and put a foot in my back, and I went down on the ground—I was so strangled that I have spit blood ever since—I had about 9d. in my pocket, and missed 8 1/2 d.—I had some silver and a watch, but neither of them were taken—I did not see the one that held my throat, but I saw one on each side of me, but could not recognise their faces in the dark—I saw them running away, and saw a policeman take the prisoner, as I was getting up—I saw three persons running away, and the prisoner was one—I saw no other persons about—there were lamps on both sides—I was sober.

Prisoner. Q. Did the men run in different directions? A. At first they all ran one way, they then took different directions—I had had a glass of gin, but was as sober as I am now.





WILLIAM COTTLE
. (Policeman, K 266). I was on duty in Milk Yard, and heard a man's hat fall off—I then heard some obscene language, and a rustling, and saw the prisoner and two men running towards me—I turned my light on, and said, "Halloo, what is the matter?"—he said, "Oh, nothing"—I tried to get another one, but could not—I got the prisoner, and led him back, and saw the prosecutor getting up, and beginning to sing out "Police!" and "Murder!" his small clothes were all unbuttoned, and his waistcoat open—the prisoner said, "I have had nothing to do with those two running"—I do not think the prosecutor could see me lay hold of the prisoner, as it was under a dark wall, but he might see my lamp when I turned it on—he was in a most excited state, so that I could scarcely say whether he was sober—he was asked if he had lost anything—he said, "No," at first, but afterwards said, "I have lost some coppers out of my pocket"—I am quite sure there was nobody near Milk Yard, but the three persons running, and me, and the prosecutor, because there were four lamps between where the prosecutor lay and me—I had met nobody before; it is only a narrow footway, and you can hear anybody from one end to the other, if they only cough.




GUILTY
. (John Salmon, a cabinet maker, of No. 1, Tent Street, Mile End, gave the prisoner a good character; but Police sergeant Jackson stated that he had for six years been the associate of thieves, and that twenty of his associates had been transported.)—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


