




1364. 




HENRY WILLIAMS
 and 




WILLIAM THOMAS
, 

robbery with violence, on 



John Smith, and stealing from his person, 3 shillings, and I sixpence: to which WILLIAMS pleaded





GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Three Months and 



Whipped.



MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SMITH
. I am a baker, at 12, Drury-lane. On 19th May, at half-past 8 o'clock in the evening, I was in Great Wyld-street, and saw the prisoners in front of me, walking arm-in-arm—I was sober, I had just left my work, and had 9s. 5d. in the pocket of my flannel-jacket—Thomas bounced against me, and knocked me into the road—he appeared to be drunk, and said, "Well, Mr. b—baker"—I said, "What did you do that for?"—he said, "If you say anything to me, I will smash you"—Williams said, "Why don't you hit the b down?"—I turned round with a wooden bowl I had in my hand, to keep them off, and felt one of their hands in my jacket-pocket while they were knocking me about—I cannot say whether they took any money then—some men came and pulled Williams away, and I took my money from my jacket-pocket and put it into my waistcoat-pocket—they must have seen me do that—after that Thomas fenced against me again, and struck me, and I threw him down—he got up, fenced towards me again, and Williams came behind me, and got his hand into my waistcoat pocket, where my money was—I seized hold of his hand while it was in my pocket—Thomas rushed in upon me, I threw him down again, and a shilling dropped—Thomas picked it up, and I said, "Give me that shilling, it is mine;"—I called out to the people, "Keep them away from me, they are robbing me!"—Thomas made no answer, but fenced towards me again; some one called out, "The. police are coming!" and they both ran away—I went into a public-house, counted my money, and missed 3s. 6d.—about ten minutes after, I gave information to a policeman, and about twenty minutes after went with him to a public-house in Great Wyld-street, where I saw the prisoners, and gave them into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Are you a journeyman baker? A. Yes; Thomas appeared to be drunk before I came up to them—as I passed by he shoved me—I did not then strike him, I only used the bowl to defend myself—I did not fight them at all, we were struggling together—Williams struck me first—when his hand was in my pocket, I caught hold of it, but he got it away just as it was, because Thomas rushed in and knocked me down—I did not see Williams after the shilling dropped—Thomas only rushed at me once after—I had never seen either of them before, but I am sure they are the persons.

MR. PARRY. Q. How long did you see them? A. Twenty minutes—I swear they are the men—Thomas ran away—I do not believe he was drunk at all—they kept together, running down Wyld-street, as long as I saw them—Thomas did not run like a drunken man, and he did not appear drunk when I saw him afterwards.





THOMAS GILSON
 (policeman, F 151). On 19th May, about 20 minutes to 9 o'clock, Smith gave me a description, and I went with him to a public-house, where I apprehended the prisoners—Smith gave them in charge as the parties who had robbed him—Williams was sober, and Thomas appeared so when I first took him; but when I got him to the station, he appeared a little tipsy—be had had nothing on the way to make him so—I found 2d. on Williams.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Thomas sober, or not? A. He appeared at the station to make himself very drunk—I did not smell his breath—he seemed to fall about as if he had no senses.


MR. PARRY. Q. Did he appear more drunk when he got to the station than when you took him? A. Yes; after he had been there a little while.





JOHN DENNIS
 (policeman, F 46). In the evening, when we were sending the prisoners away to Newgate in the van, the prisoner Thomas passed this handkerchief, which contains 2s. (produced), to a boy.

Cross-examined. Q. Had he been searched at the station before that? A. Yes; be and Williams had been together.

THOMAS—


GUILTY
.**† Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

