



1633. 




CHARLES BASTIE



, stealing 6 printed books, and other articles, value 1l. 19s. 10d.; the goods of 



Thomas Booker, his master.






FRANCIS HODSON
. I am warehouseman to Mr. Thomas Booker, of Rupert-street, Leicester-square—the prisoner was employed in his printing-office for five days as a machine-boy, to attend the printers—he came in the morning to work, and went away in the evening—we leave work at 7 o'clock—on Friday evening, 11th July, I and my master left the premises about 8—I did not see the prisoner—we were the last persons on the premises—no one slept there—we locked the doors—there is an office, a warehouse, a composing-room, a press-room, and a machine-room—the upper part of the dwelling is a warehouse—the office is on the second-floor—I went the next morning at a quarter-past 7 o'clock; I was the first person there—I unlocked the door of the house, and when I got up to the office I found it in the greatest possible confusion, almost every thing was turned over—I know the door of the office had been locked the night before—there was a key in the door in the morning—the door was shut, but unlocked—the key of the door was on the premises, but it was not that key that was in the lock—the proper key was still there—there was a drawer broken belonging to a desk in the office, from which I missed several articles, which were found on the prisoner—this case of mathematical instruments, and two French books, which I had seen on a shelf the day before.





HYACINTH CLAKXE
 (policeman, H 149). On 12th July the prisoner was

given into my custody by the superintendent of St. Katherine's Docks—I searched him, and found on him these six books—this case of mathematical instruments was in his pockets—he had four of these books in his pocket, and two in his hand—I found on him these ten postage stamps, and this silver cross, and this eye-glass—I asked him where he got them; he said from his master's warehouse, in Rupert-street, that morning.




GUILTY
. * Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

