




1164. 




ANDREW DANIELS



, stealing 1 watch, value 4l.; and 1 key, value 1d.; the goods of 



Mary Ann Gathercole; having been previously convicted: and 



MOSES SAMUELS
, 

feloniously receiving the same.

MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.







MARY ANN GATHERCOLE
. I live in Eccleston-place, Pimlico. had a silver watch in my bed-room—I saw it safe about twelve o'clock on Sunday, 2nd June, and missed it at half-past nine on Monday morning—on the Friday afterwards, in consequence of something I heard, I went to Samuels' shop—I asked him about the watch—he asked me 16s. for it—I offered him 10s.—he showed me the watch which had been stolen from me on the Sunday before—before he gave it me, I told him I did not wish to prosecute, and I gave him 10s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You told him you were the owner? A. Yes; but he would not let me have it without giving him 10s.—I believe this is an old watch—I have been at service, but I have been out of a situation for three months.





CHARLES READ
 (policeman, A 485). In consequence of directions, I went to Samuels' house, 33, Strutton-ground, on the Tuesday after the Sunday—a woman named Murray, who is not here, went with me—she pointed out Samuels, and said, "That is the man to whom the watch was sold"—he denied it, and said, "I have no watch; I have seen no watch"—Daniels was brought to the shop, and he said likewise that was the man, but I did not hear what was said between them—on the Wednesday I went again to Samuels—I said I heard he bad had the watch—he said, "Yes, I had it, and changed it away, but could get it again"—I told him he would have to appear as a witness, and he had better keep it till the following Tuesday—I told him the inspector warned him not to part with it—he wanted to know the inspector's name, which I gave him in writing.

Cross-examined. Q. But you might have searched his premises? A. He was not in custody then; I thought he would be a witness.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was Daniels given into your custody? A. Yes, the day before, on a charge of stealing this watch—he said, "I stole it, and sold it; I hope I shall be transported for it."





ROBERT BRANFORD
 (police-sergeant, M 12). I apprehended Samuels—I told him it was for receiving the watch stolen by Daniels—he was asked at the station what he had done with the watch—he said he had parted with it to the prosecutrix, and received 10s. for it—this is the watch.

Daniels. I took the watch to this man; he said if I paid a couple of shillings more, he would return it again; I was in liquor at the time.





ROBERT BRANFORD

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Daniels' former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted Dec. 1845, and transported for seven years)—he is the person.
(Samuels received a good character).

DANIELS—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SAMUELS—


NOT GUILTY
.
