




225. 




JOHN SCULLY
 and 




ELIZABETH SMITH



, robbery on 



William Goggin, and stealing from his person 1l. 4s.; his moneys.






WILLIAM GOGGIN
. I am a tailor. On 17th Dec. I was in Whitechapel, High-street, going towards Rosemary-lane—it was about half past 1 or 2 o'clock, on the morning of the 18th, Thursday I think—I should say that I had about 1l. or upwards in my pocket, but cannot swear what—I was rather the worse for liquor—I left home with 1l. 4s. 6d., at about 10 o'clock, and went to receive 3l. at a club, but I got none of it, and did not receive it till a week or nine days afterwards—I told the police that I lost about 3l—I thought then, being in liquor, that I had drawn the 3l.—I was under a mistake, till I inquired afterwards—I gave evidence at the police office on Thursday, the day after—I was to get the money at a temperance society, No. 86, Royal Mint-street—the prisoner laid hold of me in High-street, Whitechapel, and collared me, and bursted the eyes out of my head—he thrust his knuckles into my collar—I remember that being done, and that is all I recollect, until I was taken to the station—I was not quite drunk, but I was rather the worse for liquor—I got in liquor before I went to the Temperance Society's office—I forget whether I had some rum—I do not think I went into any house—it was Scully that had hold of my throat—I know him by his features—I had never seen him before, but am certain he is the man—I know nothing about the woman—when I recovered my senses the inspector gave me 5s.—I cannot swear that I had more than that—I did not spend 1l. 4s.—I am quite sure I lost money, and that Scully is the person that thrust his hand into my pocket—he rubbed his knuckles into my neck, and my senses went then.

Scully. The constable took hold of me, and he was asked in the street if I was the man who did it, and he said, "No." Witness. No such thing—the policeman will tell you whether I was on my feet or lying down; I only know that I was collared.





FRANCIS WILLIAMS
. (policeman, H 12). About half past 2 o'clock on Thursday morning, 18th Dec, I saw the female prisoner and the prosecutor come out of the Bed Lion and Spread Eagle public house, Whitechapel, and walk together towards Whitechapel Church—Scully came out of the same public house and looked after them, he then went in again, and in a minute or a minute and a half came out and walked in the same direction as they had—in five minutes I heard a noise, went and saw Scully on the pavement, holding Goggin down, with his knees upon his chest, and, as well as I could see, his hands in his pockets—Smith was

standing by his side—when I got within five or six yards of them, Scully ran away—I sent Harler after him, and detained Smith—I assisted Goggin up, he could not speak for some time—he appeared to have suffered very much—Scully was brought back by Harler—Goggin was then just able to speak, and said, "You have throttled me, you have robbed me, you thief."—Scully said, "Me, Sir!" and then fell on the pavement, and pretended to be drunk, but he had not the least appearance of it before—I had seen him five or six times in the half hour previous—he began to swear, and kick, and resisted violently all the way to the station, we were obliged to put handcuffs on him at the station, he was so violent, I saw Goggin's left waistcoat pocket turned inside out, and asked him what money he had lost, he said, "I can hardly tell"—after that he said, "I think I have lost between 3l. and 4l. "—being the worse for liquor, we detained him at the station for the night—Goggin appeared to be suffering very much, and for a week afterwards, when he was before the Magistrate.

Scully Q. Did not he say when I was taken that I was not the person? A. He did not; he identified you when you were brought back, and again at the station, when you were nearly half naked from your clothes being torn so.





WILLIAM JAMES HARLER
. (policeman, H 208). I heard a cry of "Police!" went to the spot, and saw the prosecutor groping down on the ground, and Scully kneeling on his chest—he ran away and I ran after him and brought him back, and Goggin identified him, and said that he had robbed him of 4l.—Smith stood on his left side as he lay down, but I cannot say whether she did anything.





JAMES GAIR
. (policeman, H 447). On 18th Dec. I was on, duty in High-street, Whitechapel, and heard a cry of "Police!"—I went across the road, and saw Goggin lying on the pavement—Williams and I lifted him up, and in a moment afterwards Scully was brought back in custody—Goggin looked at him and said, "That is the man that strangled me, and robbed me of 4l. "—Scully said, "You cannot prove that"—Goggin said, "You are the man"—Scully threw himself on the pavement as if in fits, and became very violent, he resisted very much.

Scully's Defence. I am innocent, my hair was pulled out, my shoes were taken off, and I was beaten about the head—I tried to go quietly, but they kicked me as I went along, and served me the same at the station.

COURT. to FRANCIS WILLIAMS. Q. How did the prosecutor and Smith walk? A. Arm in arm—I saw her do nothing else—I did not search her—I do not think she was searched at the station—I have seen the prisoners together in the same house that they came out of, for a week previously.





WILLIAM JAMES HARLER
. re-examined. I had seen them together every night for a fortnight before, just about that spot—I searched Goggin—he had only 5s. 1 1/2 d.—I looked in every pocket—the 5s. was in his right hand trowsers pocket, and his left waistcoat pocket was turned out.

Scully. I can prove that to be an untruth, for I had not been long out of my trouble, and was sick for a week after that.

SCULLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

SMITH—


GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—



Confined Nine Months.


Scully was further charged with having been before convicted.






JOHN BROWN
. (policeman, H 186). I produce a certificate—(Read:

Central Criminal Court, John Scully, Convicted, March, 1856, of burglary:


Confined nine months)—he is the person—I am quite sure of him.


GUILTY.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

