




905. 




JOHN PALMER
 and 




JOHN SHEEN



, feloniously assaulting 



James William Dowse, and stealing from his person 2 duplicates, a half sovereign, and other monies; his property.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WILLIAM DOWSE
. I am a labourer, and live at 3, Paul-street, Portman-market. On Wednesday night, 18th Aug., I was at Marylebone Theatre with a friend, John Place—we left at about twenty minutes to 10 o'clock, and went to the Champion public house, about 150 yards off—when we got to the public house I saw the prisoners there—I had seen them about there frequently before—I had known them by sight about two years—I recognized them at the Champion as persons with whom I was acquainted—Sheen asked me if I was going to stand any beer—I stood some, of which he partook, and Palmer, and my friend—we remained there five or ten minutes, and then me, Place, and Sheen returned to the theatre, leaving Palmer sitting in the public house—we all three returned to the public house in about three quarters of an hour, and found Palmer there—we had some beer, and all four remained five or ten minutes, and then Place, Sheen, and me went back to the theatre—we remained there about an hour and a half, when we three left together, and went again to the Champion—Palmer was still there—we remained about ten minutes, and then me and Place left to go home—Sheen came out with us as well—I do not know what became of Palmer; we left him in the public house—it was about ten minutes to 1 when we left—we all three went up Salisbury-street, in which street the Champion is—Sheen left us in Salisbury-street, and me and Place went up Little Church-street, which is a continuation of Salisbury-street—when we had got a short distance Sheen returned, and asked me if I was coming—I do not know what he meant by that—I and Place continued along Church-street, and Sheen returned a second time and said the same—I parted from Place at the corner of Exeter-street and Little Church-street, and he went down Exeter-street, and I turned back in Little Church-street towards my home—I had been going away from home before—I saw Sheen at the corner of Exeter-street and Little Church-street—I was on one side and they were on the other—Sheen did not follow me—he caught hold of me as soon as I turned round—he was about five or six yards from me when I first saw him after I had left Place—he came right in front of me, and put both his hands in my neckcloth—I fell on my back on the ground from the effect of his strangling me, and while I was on the ground I saw Palmer—I had seen them both together shortly before at the corner of Little Exeter-street—Palmer was about five or six yards off when Sheen assaulted me—while I was on the ground Palmer took my purse and money out of my right hand trousers pocket—it was a leather purse, and contained 10s. in gold, a 5s.-piece, 2s., and two duplicates—while Palmer took my purse out Sheen was holding me down by the neck—they then ran away—I got up, walked into Earl-street, and there met Clark the policeman, and returned with him into Church-street to the Sailor public house, where we found Sheen in the road, and I gave him into custody—there was a horse and chaise there.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Was not Sheen holding the horse? A. I cannot say about that—I think he was standing by its head—I suppose

he was minding the horse—I am not in the habit of frequenting this public house—I had been there once before this night—this was the first time I had ever drunk with Sheen—Place is not here to-day—there was no one else drinking with us—there was no other man or woman talking to us—I swear there was no woman talking to us at the Champion—I had been to the theatre before I went the first time to the Champion, which was at about twenty minutes to 10—we went to the theatre at about half past six, and first left when the first piece was over, about half past 9, I suppose—I stayed in the theatre from half past 6 till half past nine without coming out—I had not been to any public house before going to the theatre—there was no disturbance in the theatre between me and a person there—there was no row in which I took part, neither me nor my friend—when we got back at first the curtain had been drawn up, and the performance was going on—we did not find that some persons had taken what we called our seat—we had no altercation with any person there about the seat we had left—we stayed at the public house about five minutes the first time—we had some gin—there was no woman there drinking gin with us—this is the first time I have ever appeared in a court of justice, either as witness or in any other character—I swear that—I have been here as a witness once before, not in any other character—I swear I have not been tried for any offence—I never had anything to do with a robbery on the Great Western Railway—I was never tried for it—I swear that—this robbery took place somewhere about 1 in the morning—the second visit to the public house was about three quarters of an hour after the first, past 11—the performance was over at about half past twelve—we had some beer at the second visit to the public house—nothing else, and nothing at all the third time—I only took a drop of beer on each of those occasions—I did not drink anything to make me at all intoxicated—I was not intoxicated—I was as sober as I am now—I live at my father's house, 3, Paul-street, Portman-market—I had not parted from my friend a moment when Sheen came up to me—I cannot say whether my friend was out of sight—I did not scream out the moment I was throttled; I could not—Sheen's fist completely prevented me from screaming—it is dark at the corner where I parted from my friend—there is no lamp there—I had gone a step or two when I was assaulted—there was no lamp where I was assaulted—all the time Palmer was rifling my pockets Sheen was holding me violently down, throttling me—this happened about 1, and we had left the Champion at about half past 12—I did not look at the clock when I left the Champion—I imagine it was half past twelve from the time I stopped in there, and the time I came out of the theatre—I saw Hobbs, the policeman, about fire minutes after the occurrence—if any one says I was drunk, or even fresh, it is false.

Palmer. Q. When you first came into the Champion, who came in with you? A. Place; no one else came—Clancey or his wife did not come—when I gave my evidence at the office, I said there was a crown piece in the purse—I did not swear there were two half crowns—a person named Flaxan was not with me—I have known you by sight by your being about there for two or three years.





JAMES CLARK
 (policeman, 268). I was on duty on Thursday morning, 19th Aug. About 1 o'clock the prosecutor came to me in Earl-street, Lisson-grove, which is sixty or seventy yards from Little Church-street—he was not drunk, but he had been drinking—he was very much excited; I should say the excitement was from illusage—he showed me his neck, and there were red marks on it as if from pressure—he was crying—he made a

complaint to me, and I went with him to the Sailor public house, near where I saw Sheen holding a horse and chaise—I laid hold of him, and asked the prosecutor if he was either of the men that had ill used him—he said, "Yes; that is the man that laid hold of me while Buss Palmer picked my pocket"—I took him into custody, and gave him to another constable while I called the prosecutor, who was looking in the public house to see if he could see either of the prisoners—I took him to the station—he was very violent all the way, and I had to put handcuffs on him.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. I believe there was no money found on him? A. No; I had him in custody before the prosecutor knew it—I then gave him to another constable, called the prosecutor out, and asked him if he was one of the men—the prosecutor was rather fresh, but he was sober—his appearance rendered it manifest that he had been drinking.

MR. CAARTEEN. Q. How came you to take Sheen before the prosecutor saw him? A. From the description the prosecutor had given me of him.





PETER HOBBS
 (policeman, D 261). On Friday, 20th, about half past 1 o'clock, I took Palmer into custody in Great York-mews, and told him I wanted him for robbing a man at the corner of Little Church-street, in Exeter-street, Lisson-grove—he said, "So help me God, I am innocent! I know nothing about it."





WILLIAM MARKS
. I am a horsekeeper, and live at 25, Little Church-street. On Wednesday, 18th Aug., I was in Little Church-street all the evening, waiting for Mr. Harwood coming from the play to take his chaise away—about 20 minutes to 1 o'clock, as near as I can say, I saw the prisoners and another person, who I have not seen since, in Little Church-street—they were all three walking abreast up the street towards Exeter-street—I saw a scuffle between the prisoners and some one else inside against the post; I cannot say who it was with, and two or three minutes after, Dowse, the prosecutor, came down and fell at our feet—Clements, my fellow servant, was with me—we were nineteen or twenty yards from where the scuffle was—Dowse was sober—his eyeballs were ready to start out of his head when he fell down, and a person said, "Let him lie, he is drunk," and four or five minutes after he got up, and said, "I am not drunk; I have been robbed of 17s."—I had known the prisoners, I suppose three or four months, by going to the public house to have a pint of beer after my work, and have seen them there—after the scuffle, the prisoners disappeared in a very mysterious manner—I could not see which way they did go—I went up to see which way they did go—I am rather lame, and cannot go so fast as some people—I cannot say whether they ran or not—I walked towards the spot, but could see nothing of them.

Cross-examined. Q. Do I understand you saw the prisoners and some other persons scuffling together? A. Yes; it did not last above two or three minutes—I did not see whether any of them fell down—I was about twenty yards off—I stood looking at the scuffle, I thought it was a lark—Dowse was in the scuffle, because we could see him come away from there—I never saw him before—I could not tell that he was the person they were scuffling with—he came from that direction, and in about two minutes, or a minute and a half after, the parties disappeared—it happened right at the corner—I consider Dowse was perfectly sober—he did not manifest that he was at all fresh.






RICHARD CLEMENTS
. I am a horsekeeper, and live at 30, Sandford-street, Marylebone. On the night in question, about 10 minutes or a quarter to 1 o'clock, I was in Church-street with the last witness—I was putting the

horse to the chaise, and saw the two prisoners and another party with them going up the street—I did not know the third person—they went towards Exeter-street—I saw a scuffle take place between them; I thought they were larking with each other—I could not see whether the party they were scuffling with was the same person who had passed—after the scuffle the two prisoners walked away—I can say they are the persons, but I cannot say who the person was they were scuffling with—I saw the prosecutor come staggering along the wall, and he fell at my feet as I was putting the horse to—he came from the direction of the struggle—I did not see what became of the third man—Dowse was between fifteen and sixteen yards off when I first saw him—when I first saw him he was near the place where the scuffle took place—he came to me from that direction—he came struggling along by my mate's stable door and fell down at my feet, and his eyes seemed bolting out of his head—he was perfectly sober—he made a complaint to me—he afterwards went crying down Church-street—I saw Sheen in custody in about ten minutes—I had known the prisoners before, Palmer ever since Christmas twelvemonths, and Sheen very nearly a year.
(Palmer was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOHN CUTTING
 (policeman, B 235). I produce a certificate (read: "John Palmer, convicted at Clerkenwell, of larceny in May, 1847; Confined six months")—I was present at his trial—he is the person—I have known him from a child as a regular bad character, one of the worst we have got.
(Sheen received a good character.)

PALMER—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SHEEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Twelve Months.

