



722. 




CHARLES CARTWRIGHT



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Daniel May on his right hand, with intent to resist and prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
THOMPSON
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL MAY
 (City-policeman). On the evening of 12th March I was on duty in plain clothes on Ludgate-hill, about six o'clock, and saw the prisoner and a man named Judge—I watched them, and "followed them into Farringdon-street—they stopped at the shop of Mr. Hayes, a tailor—I saw them handle a coat which was on a block outside the door, and then walk away to the corner of Farringdon-street, near Holborn—they stopped there about a minute, and then returned together to the coat—the prisoner then took the coat off the block, and put it underneath his own; Judge being at the time close to him, and on the look-out—they turned up a passage into Farringdon-market—I followed them and took the prisoner—I laid hold of him by the collar—he became very violent, and dropped the coat—I picked it up—he tried to get away—Judge was at the time walking away—I called out to some persons who were standing by to stop him, which they did, and brought him back, and another officer took him—I then succeeded in getting the prisoner out of the market into Farringdon-street—he went quietly till we got into King-street, Snow-hill—he then, ail of a sudden, turned round, drew his right-hand out of his coat pocket, in which he had a knife, and commenced cutting my right-hand, by which I had hold of his coat—I called out, and threw him to the ground—while he was cutting my hand he said, "If you don't let me go I will kill you"—when he was on the ground I saw the knife lying close by his side on the ground—he was taken to the station—I there examined his clothes, and found that his coat was cut close to where I had got hold of him, and also his waistcoat; and a great quantity of blood on the coat—I went to St. Bartholomew's Hospital the same evening, and had my wounds dressed; and next day I was seen by the surgeon of the police-force—I have not been able to do any duty since.

Prisoner. I had no knife; it was a ninepin which I used at my work.

Witness. I did not pick up the knife—there was a number of bad characters round at the time, and I suppose it was picked up almost immediately after we got up.


MR. RYLAND. Q. When he drew his hand out of his pocket could you distinctly see he had a knife? A. Yes; it was what I should call a middling-sized clasp-knife.





ARTHUR SAXBY
. I am shopman to Mr. Hayes, a tailor, in Farringdon-street. On Tuesday evening, 12th March, May beckoned me out into the street; I went out, and missed a coat from a block outside the shop-door—I had seen it safe about a quarter of an hour before—I afterwards saw the prisoner in custody of May, and saw a struggle between them—I did not see any knife—I saw the prisoner throw his hand across his left shoulder, and I saw them both fall to the ground—I saw the cuts on May's hand as he was going to the station.





GEORGE BORLASE CHILDS
. I am a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons, and am surgeon to the City police-force. I saw May on 13th March—I examined his hand, and found he had been severely wounded in four or five places on the hand—the wounds extended to the tendons and bones of the fingers—one wound in particular was a very severe one indeed—it extended from a little anterior to the wrist to between the first and second bones of the hand—it was so deep that I might have laid my finger into the wound—it nearly reached through the whole depth of the hand—I dressed it, and did what was necessary—he is still invalided, in consequence of the injuries he sustained—I should not think it would impair the use of his hand hereafter—I have known much more trifling wounds produce lock-jaw—they were not such wounds as would be inflicted by a pointed instrument—a cutting instrument, such as a clasp-knife, would produce them—they were all incised wounds.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not use a knife; that is a thing I never carry about with me; it was a ninepin.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

