




426. 




THOMAS WALKER
 and 



ELIZA WALKER



. breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Samuel Ruddock, and stealing several pieces of jean and other goods, value 60l.; his property:—2nd COUNT, receiving the same.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






KAISTER HOOPER
. I am in the employ of Mr. Samuel Ruddock, who keeps a Manchester warehouse at 20, Anchor-street, Bethnal-green—I have the management of the stock kept at the warehouse—a clerk and another man sleep on the premises, who were servants to Mr. Ruddock. On Saturday evening, 31st Jan., I left the premises about 9 o'clock—the goods were all safe on the premises then—the next morning I went to the warehouse about 9—the chain which fastened the grating of the cellar was broken—it had been safe the over-night for anything I know—it was not my duty to attend to it—I examined the warehouse and missed a large quantity of coutill, one truss of patent stitched coutill, and another truss containing nine pieces of satteen, two pieces of nankeen, and one piece of 44-inch patent stitched coutill—the value of all was between 60l. and 70l.—a part of the goods I missed are here, and the numbers on these goods correspond with the invoice—I think the value of what I have found is between 40l. and 50l.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Who carries on the business at this place? A. Mr. Ruddock; in his absence Mrs. Ruddock does—he has a shoe-shop in Lambeth-walk, and has a man there—Mr. Ruddock is the proprietor.





CLEMENT EWER
. I am a carver, of 1, Bath-court, Tabernacle-square. I have seen the prisoners go in and out of the next house, No. 2—the first time I saw them was on Saturday, 7th Feb., about a quarter past 7 in the morning—I saw two men, one of whom was the male prisoner—they had a barrow with them, which had a lot of fish baskets on the top, similar to what they bring herrings in—he had on a brown coat—I saw the goods in the barrow taken into the house by the female prisoner—the male prisoner gave them to her—the baskets were turned over off the barrow—there were two lawn bags, which seemed very heavy—they were taken in the house—the male prisoner then went in the house, and the other man wheeled the barrow away—about three days previous to that they were painting the house up—it was empty—I never saw the prisoners or anybody else residing there after the male prisoner went in, the woman having received the goods—I did not see either of them come out—the prisoner lives at the corner of Hope-street, in Phoenix-street, and keeps a beer-shop—I went to the house by direction of the inspector.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you first give information of this? A. I gave no information till the parties came to me on the Monday week following—I was told not—the inspector came and asked me if I knew anything about it—I told him I did—I am a carver—I work on my own account—I have not a shop, but a private house—I carry on my business up-stairs—I have seen a brown coat produced—that was not the coat I saw on that occasion—I never saw the prisoners before that.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-sergeant, H 8). I produce 21 pieces of jean, which I found at 2, Bath-court, on Monday morning, 9th Feb.—the house was locked, and I opened it with a key which I got from Thomas Walker that morning—I had met him by appointment overnight in Virginia-row,

Bethnal-green—I did not know at that time that there were any goods in the room, and therefore I did not take him then—on the night of the 6th I had searched his house and took him, but there was no charge against him, and he was allowed to go—there was a man and a woman then in custody, and, in consequence of what they said, I went to the prisoner's house—I told him there was a man and woman in custody for offering for sale some goods belonging to Mr. Ruddock, which were part of the property stolen—I said, "Your name has been mentioned; they state they had the property from you, and I must search your place"—he said, "Very well, I know nothing about it"—I took him to the station, leaving a constable outside the door—when I took the prisoner to the station I had him in sight of the man and the woman, and they said, "That is the man we had the property from"—Walker said, "I don't know you at all; I never saw you before"—he was allowed to go back; I made an arrangement to meet him next morning, and he met me accordingly.

Cross-examined. Q. You allowed Walker to go? A. Yes; because I thought he might give me some assistance—I intimated that to him—I said, "I suspect a party that comes to your beer-house, and I think you might assist me in this"—I knew of this robbery about three weeks before I took Walker—I was sent for to examine the premises—it was after I told Walker that he might render me some assistance; he did render me some.

COURT. Q. As I understand, you made an appointment with him? A. Yes; he gave me the key of this house—he told me he had been up the whole night, and it had cost him 3l. odd, and that it had passed through several hands before it came to his—he told me he thought I should find the things in the house—I found them there on the ground floor, standing upright—I found nothing in the house but these goods.





LAZARUS MYERS
. I am a tailor, of 3, Three Tun-alley. I know Walker, I work for him—I remember being taken into custody for having some jean—I got it from Walker—he brought me a bit of a sample, and I gave it to my wife; it was such as this—my wife went to a woman in Whitechapel to show her the sample—in consequence of what my wife said, I went to Walker—I saw him and told him I wanted the same jean, and he cut me a piece off of twenty yards—I brought it to the woman in Whitechapel—she looked at it, and said, "I want some more"—that is the woman (Mrs. Marchant)—she sent me for some more, and when I got five or six yards from the shop, I and my wife were taken in charge by a constable to the station—shortly after we were there, about 8 o'clock at night, Walker was brought there—I pointed him out as the person of whom I bought the goods—he denied it, and said he did not know me—I said, "To-morrow, when I am brought to the Magistrate, I will prove you, you know I worked for you"—he denied it; they let him go, and I and my wife were taken the next day to Worship-street—I was discharged—these are the goods I sold to Mrs. Marchant.

Cross-examined. Q. Did a policeman ever take you before that day? A. No; I never was before a Magistrate in my life before.





ELIZABETH MYERS
. I am the wife of the last witness. I saw the prisoner five or six weeks ago—he brought a bit of jean to me as a sample—I took it to Mrs. Marchant's, in Whitechapel—I afterwards went to Walker, at the beer shop, I told him it did not suit me, we did not use this kind, but I fancied a staymaker would buy it—he said, "Come in, Mrs. Myers, if you have anything to say, come in"—I did not receive any more of the jean, but on the Friday following the lady came, and said, "You never brought me the jean"—I said I was poorly, and had not got out—she said, "Would you

oblige me to get me twenty yards?"—I said I did not know—my husband went and got it, and she waited an hour in my house—she got twenty yards from me, and I and my husband were stopped by the policeman—when we were taken to the station, I saw Walker, he said, "I don't know you; I never saw you before"—my husband said, "Did not I work for you for three years, and you don't know me? I will let you know to-morrow."

Cross-examined. Q. You did not get much by this? A. No; I sold it at the same price that he offered it me, at 6d. a yard—it was merely to oblige the person that I had it.





MARIA MARCHANT
. I am the wife of John Marchant, a stay maker, in Whitechapel. On 3rd Feb. Mrs. Myers brought a sample of jean to me—in consequence of something I heard, I went to her on the Friday, and she and her husband brought me twenty yards of it—I did not purchase it, it was brought to my house, and Mr. Ruddock was there, he desired me to tell them to get some more—I gave the same twenty yards to the officer that Myers had brought to me.





JOHN HUSSEY
 (policeman, 218 H). I took the two Myers in custody on 6th Feb.—they were charged with having this piece of jean in their possession—when they were taken to the station, they said where they had it from—in consequence of what they said, I went to Walker's.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police inspector). I know the prisoner—in consequence of information, I went with Evans on the night of 25th March to the Hope beer-shop, in Hope-street, Bethnal-green—Walker keeps it—the door was partly open—when Walker saw me, he endeavoured to close it—I got in—we told him we belonged to the police, and we wanted him for a robbery—he said, "No, you don't; you are brokers, and want to get possession"—I took him to the station, and sent for Ewer—on his coming Walker beckoned me, and said, "I know what you want; that man came to swear against me, about Mr. Ruddock's affair"—next morning Myers and his wife were waiting, and the female prisoner nudged her husband on his elbow, and said, "Of course, Tom, you know nothing about it, you got it from that man to sell?"—he said, "Of course not"—I said, "What is that?"—he said, "I want a cab."

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you know the prisoners are husband and wife? A. I know they lived together—I always considered they passed as man and wife.





ISAAC CROSS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Ruddock. I am porter of the warehouse, No. 20, Anchor-street—I sleep there—at half-past 10 at night, on 31st Jan., I saw the grating quite secured by a chain, which was sound—next morning, at a quarter-past 8, I discovered the warehouse had been entered, and the goods gone—the chain of the grating had been broken—I gave information—I secured the warehouse door, on the Saturday night, locked it, and took the key up stairs; the next morning I found both the bolts drawn back, and the box of the lock wrenched off.





SARAH RUDDOCK
. I am the wife of Samuel Ruddock, of No. 7, Paradise-row, Bethnal-green—I left the warehouse on 31st Jan., about half-past 9 in the evening—the chain that secured the grating was all safe—the property was all there—this property (produced) is part of what was lost.





JOHN HOLMES
. I am a cabinet maker, of Holywell-lane—I am landlord of No. 2, Bath-place—I let the house on 29th Jan., and gave possession of it on the 31st to a female, but not the female prisoner—I never saw the party since.

THOMAS WALKER—


GUILTY

of Receiving. Aged 28.




Transported for Ten Years.


ELIZA WALKER—


NOT GUILTY
.


Case omitted before
MR. COMMON SERJEANT
on Monday.

