



1180. 




GEORGE DUGGIN



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Jolly, and stealing therein, 13 yards of woollen cloth, and other articles, value 27l. 8s.; his property.






RICHARD JOLLY
. I am a tailor; I live in Queen-street, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. At a quarter before eleven o'clock on the night

of 28th May, I went to bed—I was the last person up—the house was then fast—at a quarter before four next morning I was called by the policeman—the street-door was open and the kitchen window, which I had seen fast at half-past ten at night, was wide open—it had been lifted up with violence from the outside—I missed thirteen yards of woollen cloth, fourteen yards of waistcoating, some doeskin, and twenty-four handkerchiefs—I have seen some cloth since which I believe is a portion of it—I cannot swear to it.





WILLIAM HENRY CAMPBELL
 (police-sergeant, K 44). About two o'clock in the morning of 29th May, I was in Cambridge-road, on duty—I saw the prisoner on the foot-path—he had this piece of cloth under his coat, buttoned up—I stopped him, and asked what he had got—he said, a piece of cloth he had found in Shoreditch on the foot-path, and he lived in Worship-street—I asked where he was going—he said, to have a walk—I said, it was strange he should come for a walk at that time, and he said he could not get in—he said, a man saw him pick this cloth up, and he asked him if it was his, and there was a female near, and he asked her if it was hers, and she said, "No"—he was coming in a direction from the prosecutor's.





HENRY GOULD
 (police-sergeant, K 40). The prisoner was brought to the station—I took his shoes off, and went to the back of the prosecutor's house, where I found several footsteps—I made an impression by the side of them with these shoes, and found them to correspond, and I measured them also—these are two odd shoes, one is straight and the other crooked, and the footsteps were one straight and the other crooked.

Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up in Shoreditch.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

