





1862. 



ELLEN CROUGHAN
 and 



MARGARET HART
 were indicted for

 a robbery, with others, on 



John Broomfield, and stealing from his person 1 watch and other articles, value 30s., and 1 shilling; his property.


MR. KENEALY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN BROOMFIELD
. I live in Northampton-row, Clerkenwell, and am a gold-beater. On Saturday evening, 19th Oct., I was out between eight and nine o'clock in the evening—I met the prisoner Croughan by the House of Correction wall—we had something to drink on the opposite side of the way—I took her to two public-houses—I had a silver watch in my right-hand waistcoat pocket, a chain, and a gold seal, a gold-book in my pocket, and a shilling—we went to Snow-hill; I saw Hart there—we had a pot of beer between me, Hart, Croughan, and another young woman—I left the house with Croughan, and a woman followed us, who I believe was Hart—I went to an alley in Field-lane, and went up-stairs into a room with Croughan—I had not been in the room many minutes before some one said, "Down;" the candle was put out, and I was seized round the throat by a man, as I suppose, from the force I was held by—Croughan, Hart, and another woman were in the room—I fell on the floor, and felt my watch going, but I was choked and could not speak—the person who kept me down, released my throat—I was in the dark—I scrambled down into the back-yard—I found a bit of a shutter, and hammered away at it—some man inside said, "What are you making that noise for?"—he opened his door and let me into a yard, the end of which was Field-lane—I placed my back against a shop and said, "I have been robbed of my watch"—I searched my pocket, and my piece of gold-book, watch, chain, seal, key, and shilling were gone—I shortly afterwards saw a policeman—I described Croughan to him, and he went and fetched her—I identified her, and I went home—between two and three o'clock the policeman knocked me up and brought Hart—I identified her, and went to the station and gave her in charge.

COURT. Q. Had you been drinking before you saw them? A. A little—I then went home to my wife, and gave her my wages—I then went out to go to my club, and met the prisoners—I was not sober when I went to the house in Field-lane, I was about half-and-half—I felt my watch safe up in the room.

Croughan. Q. You told me you had one shilling, and you called for half a quartern of gin, and put down a shilling? A. It is very likely, but I don't know that I did—I went to my club, and then came back, met you again, and went to this house—I did not give you any gold-leaf—I am very much mistaken if I did not see Hart—I should not like to say I am quite sure of her—you did not go home and leave the other young woman with me.

MR. KENEALY. Q. How long were you drinking with Hart in the second house? A. Perhaps five minutes—there were three girls and myself—during that time I looked at Hart—it was not from my description of her that the officer brought her to me.





JOHN THORNTON
 (policeman, G 174). On Saturday week, about twelve o'clock at night, I saw Broomfield in Field-lane, and from what he told me I went in pursuit of Croughan—I met her about half-past twelve—I told her I wanted her on suspicion of robbing a man of his watch—I described the man to her—she said she had been with the man, but knew nothing about his watch—I took her to the station—she was searched, and on her was found this little book—I took Hart at two in the morning—Broomfield described her to me, and showed me the front room first-floor—I have known Hart to live there for the last nine months—I said I wanted her, on suspicion of

being concerned with others in robbing a man of his watch—she said she had been drinking with the man, but had not seen him since half-past eleven o'clock—she said she had had part of a pot of beer at a public-home on Snow-hill with him—I took her to Broughton, and he identified her.





ELIZA VOLLER
. I searched Croughan, and found on her this book.





JOHN BROOMFIELD
. I had a book similar to this in my pocket—I am positive I did nut give her this book—I did not show the officer the room in which the robbery took place, I did not know the room—I believe it was the back room, but I was strangled—it was in the same room that I was in that this took place—I am sure that was the house.

Witnesses for the Defence.






EMMA DAY
. I am a widow, and go out charing. I have known Hart about eighteen months, she is an honest girl—she brings washing to me—I don't know how she gets her living—on the night of the robbery she was with me from eleven till one o'clock—I had some washing to get up.

MR. KENEALY. Q. Was anybody else there? A. No; I was alone, and was washing—she came to my house about eleven o'clock.





JAMES TURNER
. I am a plasterer, and live at 2, Union-court, Holborn-hill—I have known Hart about two years, she is unfortunate—about twelve o'clock, on Saturday night, the 19th Oct., I left the Union public-house, and went home to my mother—I got some supper, and instead of eating it at home, I put it in my pocket and came out to Hart's—I met her and told her to come with me, and we were at No. 11—the back-door of the next house was broken off its hinges, I asked her how it was; she said she did not know.

MR. KENEALY. Q. She has been living with you two years? A. No, not living with me—I have given her 5s. or 6s. a week—I get my living as a plasterer—Hart never gives me any money, nor any other woman—I give many shillings—I did not happen to be in the room when the prosecutor was assaulted—I have seen Croughan before.

CROUGHAN—


GUILTY
.

HART—


GUILTY
.





Transported for Seven Years.

