




285. 




ALFRED WOOD
 and 




JOHN PULLEN



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Fowler Hutchins, and stealing twenty cigars, value 20s.; his property.—2nd COUNT, charging Pullen with receiving.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM MORRELL
 (policeman, N 135). Last Saturday night, about twenty minutes before eight o'clock, I was in Hackney-road, opposite Edward's-place, I saw the two prisoners standing in the private doorway of Mr. Hutchin's shop—I crossed the road and passed by them, and looked at them—I crossed the road again and watched them—Wood went to the window of the next shop, and Pullen stood in the private doorway—I then saw Wood put his hand against the prosecutor's window and saw something which shone in his hand against the glass—there was then a crack, and in a minute or two after, I saw Wood hand something to Pullen, who was standing in the doorway, almost close to him, only two squares of glass from him—the door joins the window, there is only the post between them—I saw him repeat that two or three times, putting his hand to the window, and then he passed his hand to Pullen—a man went into the shop, and both the prisoners ran away, taking contrary directions—I pursued Pullen and caught him—he said, "I have done nothing, master"—I took him back to the shop, searched him, and found in his

pocket twenty cigars—he said he was very sorry for what he had done, and he should not have done it if he had not wanted something to eat—I examined and found a large square of glass had been broken in the window by something being put between the putty and the glass—I found some cigars in the window of the same quality as those I found on Pullen, and I found two more lying against the door.





DAVID CRIPPS
 (policeman, N 340). I was with Morrell—I saw the prisoners loitering about the prosecutor's doorway—we crossed and watched them—I saw Wood go and put something towards the window—I heard the glass crack—he then walked away to the private door—in a minute or two after, he returned back again, and I saw him take something from the window, and pass it to Pullen—he returned again and did the same—they then ran in different directions—I pursued Wood and caught him—he said he knew he had done wrong, and he should not have done it if he had not wanted something to eat—I found on him a knife, with a scratch on the point—it exactly corresponded with the marks on the putty.





NATHANIEL BURTON HUTCHINS
. I live at No. 4, Edward's-place, Hackney-road; it is the dwelling-house of my nephew, William Fowler Hutchins; he is a tobacconist—it is in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. Last Saturday night I heard a noise like something fall to the ground—I went in the shop—my nephew went out and the moment he returned, the policemen came in and brought the prisoners—they were asked if they had anything about them—they said nothing; then one of them pulled the cigars out of his pocket—we looked in the window, and missed some out of a bundle which had been quite full—they are of the same quality precisely—they are my nephew's.

Wood's Defence. I was passing, and the officer came and took me to the shop.

Pullen's Defence. I passed the window and saw something lying; I picked them up and ran away; the officer ran after me, laid hold of me, and found the cigars in my pocket; he said, "Come back to the shop," and he saw what they were.

WOOD—


GUILTY

of Stealing.†* Aged 16.

PULLEN—


GUILTY

of Receiving.†* Aged 19.





Transported for Seven Years.


