





1227. 



JOHN LAWRENCE,


 AMELIA CALLON
, and 



CATHARINE DAY



, stealing 2 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 4 crowns, 7 shillings, and 14 sixpences; the moneys of 



Robert Holmes; from his person.






ROBERT HOLMES
. I am a mariner—I was paid off on 12th June, about two o'clock, and received 5l. in sovereigns—I went over to Tooley-street, and paid a few shillings that I owed—I went to the Paddington station with my luggage—I dropped down from the buss at the Bank—about nine o'clock in the evening I was proceeding from the Bank towards London-bridge—I met the three prisoners in company—I had my blue jacket on—my money was in my trowsers pocket—the prisoners spoke to me, and asked me to take them

into a public-house—I took them into a public-house on the north side of the water in the City—I cannot say what public-house it was—they went into the house first and I followed them—the house was their choice—we had two half-pints of gin there—we went over the bridge, went into another public-house, and had two half-pints more—I was then very much intoxicated—I cannot recollect whether I consented to go home with the prisoners, but I consented to go in a cab—I had ray money then—I put my hand into my pocket, and felt the money safe when I was in the public-home, and when I got into the cab—I had paid for one half-pint of spirits, and the prisoner Lawrence paid for the other—I was not with any persons but the prisoners from the time my money was safe—while I was in the cab, I put my hand into my pocket, and missed my money—I put out my hands and seized the cab doors, and said I had been robbed, and no one should go out till I had a policeman—I sung out, and there came two policemen, and the prisoners were taken to the station—I suspected I had lost my money in the cab, as the prisoners began to hustle me about.





JOSIAH WELCH
 (policeman, M 282). About half-past eleven o'clock at night, on the 12th of June, I was on duty at Newington-causeway—I heard a cry of "Police!" from a cab—I went to one door and called another policeman, who went to the other door—I found the three prisoners and the prosecutor in the cab—he stood with one of his hands on each door, and said, "I have been robbed of 2l. or 3l."—we took them to the station—the women said they did not know anything about it—the man said he supposed that because the prosecutor saw him flashing his money, he said he had been robbed—I found 3l. 9s. 2 1/2d. on the man—the women were searched—there was only six duplicates found on them—they had no money—the prosecutor was in liquor, but his senses were not gone.

Lawrence's Defence. It was my own money, and he swore it was his; I paid for something to drink, and he says he paid for the buss, and I paid for it.

Callon's Defence. I am not guilty; I do not know this man no more than I do the sailor; they went and had a quartern of gin, and came over the bridge and had a pot of ale, I did not sit near the sailor when he lost his money.

LAWRENCE—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.


CALLON—


GUILTY
.

DAY—


GUILTY
.






Confined Twelve Months.

