



1672. 




JOHN THOMPSON
, was again indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Proud and stealing 1 shawl, value 5s.; his goods.







WILLIAM PROUD
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Wootton-street, Lambeth, it is my dwelling-house. On 19th Aug. I got up at five o'clock in the morning, opened my window, put my shutters back, and then put the window down again, but did not fasten it—there was a shawl on a box near the window, belonging to my wife—I then went up-stairs to work—about a quarter or half-past six, I came down and found my room door open, and the street-door also, and found the prisoner coming out of my room—I said, "What do you want here?"—he said, "Nothing, sir"—I laid hold of him, and then he said, "Does Mr. Davis, a boot and shoemaker, live here?"—I said, "No, and you know he does not"—he said, "Well, then, he lives in Brand-street"—I said, "I shall detain you till a policeman comes"—I went to the door, and saw another boy leaning against the wall—I went into my room and found the Venetian blinds open, and the window also, which I had left shut.





ANN JANE PROUD
. I saw my husband secure the prisoner—I did not miss my shawl till the evening—I had seen it safe the night before—I have not seen it since.





JAMES JOHN STONE
. I am eleven or twelve years old, and live with my father and mother. On the Monday morning before I went before the Magitrate, about six or seven o'clock, I was at the corner of Wootton-street, and saw the prisoner open Proud's window and get in; he then shut down the window, came out oi the street-door, and whistled; another boy then came down—the prisoner then went in again, and gave the other one something out of the window; I do not know what it was; it was something black, and looked like a shawl—I saw Mr. Proud lay hold of him—the other ran away with the thing.





FRANCIS IRELAND
 (policeman, L 119). I took the prisoner—I asked what he was at there—he said he thought a person named Davis, a boot and shoemaker, lived there. 


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

