



1106. 




SARAH SMITH



, feloniously assaulting 



George Argent, and throwing over his head a quantity of oil of vitriol, with intent to burn him.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE ARGENT
. I am a wine-porter, of 44, Lambeth-street, Whitechapel—I lived with the prisoner eight or nine years—I separated from her a month before this took place, seven weeks ago. On 21st May, about half-past nine o'clock, I heard a knock at the door—I went, followed by my son, and found the prisoner there—she asked me for a teaboard, and before I had time to answer she said, "Take that," and chucked some burning liquid over me out of a jug in her hand—it went into my eyes—I felt a burning sensation all over my face, and was in great pain—the prisoner went away—I went to a surgeon, and afterwards to the London Hospital, and was there a fortnight—the sight of one eye is entirely gone—my face is well, but discoloured.

Prisoner. He turned me and my child destitute into the street; through him I have not a friend in the world; I intended to burn his coat, not his face, but he was stooping down. Witness. She threw it slap into my face—I was standing as upright as I am now.





WILLIAM CHARLES ARGENT
. I am the son of the last witness. I followed him to the door and saw the prisoner—he said something to her—she asked for a teaboard, and before there was time to answer she said, "Take that," and threw some burning liquid, which fell on my face—I saw the movement of her arm; it was towards my father's face, not to his clothes.

Prisoner. If I had known you had been there I should not have thrown it; I did not see you there.





CHARLES BONE
. I am an oilman, of Thomas-street, Bethnal-green-road. On 21st May, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came and asked for two pennyworth of vitriol, and produced a small jug like this(produced)—I gave her about a quarter of a pint in it—I did not measure it—it was three-parts full.





LOUISA NASH
. I live at 46, Elizabeth-street, Hackney-road, near Mr. Argent's. On the evening of 21st May I saw the prisoner throw this jug into the road—I picked it up—there was a small quantity of spirit in it—it was like water—it smelt like vitriol, which I believe it to be—I took it to Mr. Argent.





WILLIAM CHURCH
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner, and told her the charge—I did not ask her to confess—she said she was very sorry to think any part of it had gone on the boy; she would not injure a hair of his head.

Prisoner's Defence. I meant to burn his coat, but did not think of his eyes; I was in a very agitated state of mind, and was going to make away with myself that night.




GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

