






327. 




MARY ANN ROBINSON (22), 




ANN FISHER (22), and 




HENRY JONES (30)


, Stealing 1 purse, value 1s., and 11s. in money; the property of 



Abraham Hancock, from the person of 



Louisa Hancock; Fisher having been twice before convicted: to which


FISHER—


PLEADED GUILTY
.**—



Four Years Penal Servitude
.
Mr. LILLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






LOUISA HANCOCK
. I am the wife of Abraham Hancock, of No. 8, Ormond Terrace, Regent's Park. On 8th Feb., at about half past 4 o'clock, I saw the two female prisoners—Robinson asked me the way to Mary-le-bonne—I inquired "What part?" because we were only a few yards out of Mary-le-bonne; she said, "Oh, Mary-le-bonne"—I directed her—Fisher was at my right hand very close to me, and Robinson in front—they then left me, and almost immediately I felt, and missed my purse from my dress pocket, containing a half sovereign and 1s. or 2s. and a bill, which I had just paid, and put into it only a few minutes before—I turned, and saw that the prisoners were not going the way that I had directed them; they were walking, but as soon as they saw me following, Fisher ran away—I called to the park keeper, and gave him information; he stopped Fisher—this is my purse (produced), and this paper in it is mine—I afterwards saw the other two prisoners stopped—I went to the station; the three prisoners were present, and somebody threw my purse at my feet—the half sovereign and a peculiar sixpence were gone, but there was some silver left.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. Had you a new fashioned pocket; in your gown? A. Yes—Fisher stood on my pocket side—I was walking quickly when the female prisoners stopped me; they were together.

Cross-examined by
MR. ORRIDGE. Q. Where was Jones? A. He afterwards addressed me.





GEORGE BROOKS
. I am park constable No. 2. On 8th Feb., about half past 4 o'clock, I saw the female prisoners together, and Jones within two yards of them—they were crossing over the bridge, from St. Martin's Church—all three were in conversation for ten minutes—the women then talked to the lady, while Jones stood in the road, four or five yards off; they then went away over the bridge, at a good pace—I went over, and met the lady; she gave me some information, and I went after them—Fisher was running when she saw the lady talking to me; I ran after her, and stopped her—the other two ran on the contrary side of the road—Jones followed the women, when they left the lady, and they had left him to speak to her.

Cross-examined by
MR. ORRIDGE
Q. What road was it? A. The Albert Road, near the York and Albany; that belongs to the park—the lady and the two women were on the pavement, and Jones in the road, by the rails, four or five yards off—I was in my park dress; they might have seen me plain enough, if Jones had been keeping a look out—Jones got 400 or 500 yards before he was taken; he asked me, at the station, what I gave him in charge for.





GEORGE WHITE
 (Policeman, S 290). On 8th Feb., about half past 4 o'clock in the afternoon, I was on duty in the Regent's Park, and saw Fisher running beside the park railings, as fast as she could, and the park keeper following her—Jones and Robinson were running on the opposite side of the road, and as soon as they saw me, they walked—the park keeper called to me, but I could not hear what he said—I stopped Jones, and another park keeper stopped Robinson, and the lady gave her into custody—Jones said at the station, "I know nothing of the women"—as soon as they were placed in front of the dock, Fisher took the purse from under her mantle, and threw

it over the desk at Mrs. Hancock, who was sitting there, saying, "Here is your purse, Ma'am;" it dropped close at her feet.

ROBINSON
and
JONES—


GUILTY
.—They were both further charged with having been before convicted.





JOHN COOK
 (Policeman, S 198). I produce a certificate—(Read: "Clerkenwell, July, 1852; Mary Ann Robinson, Convicted of stealing a gold watch, from the person; 
Confined six months" )—I was present—Robinson is the person—she has also been convicted of stealing a watch from an hotel—she has been living with a man who is now doing
four years penal servitude.





JOHN HARVEY
. I produce a certificate—(Read: "Central Criminal Court; Henry Jones, Convicted, Feb., 1851, of receiving stolen plate; 
Transported for seven years")—I was present—Jones is the person.

ROBINSON—
GUILTY.—



Four Years Penal Servitude
.

JONES—
GUILTY.—(The officer Cook stated that he had been five times in custody for burglary and other offences.)—


Transported for Fifteen Years
.
