



141. 




JOHN SIMMONDS



, feloniously threatening to accuse 



John Gossett Hill with assaulting him, with intent to commit an infamous crime, and thereby extorting money from him.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN GOSSETT HILL
. I had chambers at the Albany in Aug., I left them at Michaelmas. I answered an advertisement of the prisoner's as valet, and the prisoner presented himself to me; I did not want a valet, but a general servant, and he was quite satisfied—some of the rooms at the Albany adjoining mine were being repaired—I had three rooms, and there was a kitchen for my servant—the servant's room was at the top of the house, but it was locked, as I had been out of town some time, and the key was on a bunch which I had just put away, and as the prisoner came just as I was going out to dinner, I told the servant to put some sheets on the other bed on the ground floor, which I had previously occupied, but the room had not been used for some time—I slept in another room on the ground floor—(I have taken a house in St. James's-square, which at that time I was looking after, and everything was disarranged at the Albany, as I was on the, eve of moving)—the prisoner came into my service on 7th Aug., and I went to a party that evening—the prisoner brought me my hot water and boots next morning, and waited on me at breakfast, but said nothing to me, and I went to my engagements in the City at my usual hour—I returned about 6 o'clock in the evening, and just as I was going out again to dinner, the prisoner said, "You came to my room last night, you know you did; you wanted to take liberties with me, and wanted to get into bed; I shall give you into the hands of the police or go before a Magistrate, unless you give me a sum of money"—I said, "How much will satisfy you?"—I was so horrified at this charge, that I lost my presence of mind; "will 5l. satisfy you?"—he said, "No, a lawyer will give me that for making such a charge"—(this was at half past 6 o'clock; I had dressed and was going out, I do not think I saw him when I came in till he came into the room at half past 6 o'clock)—I ultimately gave him a cheque for 45l., and brought him the money next day—I was at that time on the eve of marriage, my mother was in very bad health, and was obliged to be taken away to drink the waters, and my father is of an excessively excitable temperament—those matters operated on my mind—if I had been alone in the world, I should not have hesitated a moment what course to pursue—the prisoner left my service on the following day, on the afternoon of the 9th—I told him he must go, and, of course, he was quite willing to do so, and I afterwards received a letter from him—it was this day fortnight—I destroyed the first letter, but this (produced) is another letter, which I received from him this day fortnight—it is excessively insolent—I know his writing—(Read: "Dec. 7th, Oxford. Dear Sir,—Having written two letters, and received no answer, I have taken the liberty to write the third, and if I receive no answer from you, you may expect to hear from some one else. I have heard (this part was illegible)——, as I shall let my friends know; and I shall expect an answer by return of post. To Mr. Hill, Oughton

House, Harlow, Essex.")—that is my father's house, where I was staying—in consequence of that I consulted my solicitor, and he gave me instructions what to do—I employed a policeman, and secreted him behind the curtains at my house No. 24, St. James's-square—I made an appointment with the prisoner, which was not kept by me; that was by advice—it was kept by the prisoner—an appointment was then made for Monday, the 10th, at half past 8 o'clock—a policeman named Crocker was engaged to watch and hear what took place—my brother in law was also present, but concealed—I made the appointment by telling the servant to say, if the prisoner called again, that I should be at home at half past 8. o'clock on Monday evening, 10th Dec.—the policeman Crocker was so situated as to hear what passed between us without being seen—the prisoner said, "I am very sorry to trouble you again, but I want a little money; my grandfather is willing to establish me in business if I can get some money"—I replied, "On what grounds do you come to me?"—he said, "You know, Sir"—I said, "A repetition of that horrible charge which you made against in me the summer?"—he said, "Yes, Sir"—I said, "But when I gave you that 45l., you promised me you would never trouble me again"—he said, "But 1 have been ill, and spent the money, and I have seen such cases in the papers since then"—I said, "What will you do if I do not give you any money?"—he said, "Consult with my grandfather, and place it in the hands of a lawyer"—I said, "But what will you accuse me of?"—he said, "Of haying come, to, my bed side and tried to take indecent liberties with me"—I said. "How much money will you want?"—he said, "I do not know, Sir," and then, after some hesitation, said, "20l. "—after some hesitation, I said, "I suppose I must give it to you"—I wrote this cheque for 20l. (produced), and gave it into his hands, and the constable and my brother in law came from behind the curtains, and he was taken into custody—there is not a word of truth in the filthy accusation this man has made—it makes one sick even to think of it.

Prisoner. Q. When I came to you, you said that I could come in that night; and as my room was not ready, I could sleep in your bedroom, and I said that there was no occasion for that) A. Yes; I think you said, "There is no occasion for that, I have got my own rooms in Bruton-street, and can sleep there"—I said that I would rather have you come in that night, and you did.

COURT. Q. Bo you mean that you said, that ho might sleep in your bedroom? A. Yes, that was a room which I had occupied before, but I did not intend to occupy it again, I occupied another room—all the rooms in the Albany open into one another.

MR. PARRY. Q. A gentleman who has a servant in the Albany, must sleep almost next to him? A. Yes.





GIDEON CROCKER
 (police sergeant, C 9). I was sent by the inspector at the station to Mr. Hill's house, and was employed to watch—I was out of sight, but perfectly within hearing—Mr. Hill's brother in law was also within hearing, behind a curtain with me—the prisoner said that he was very sorry to trouble Mr. Hill again, but his grandfather had thought of getting him into some business in Oxford, provided he could get a little more to put with it—Mr. Hill asked him how he came to him for money, the prisoner answered, "You know, Sir"—he said, "Is it a repetition of that horrible charge you brought against me in the summer?"—the prisoner Raid, "Yes"—Mr. Hill asked him what sum of money would satisfy him—he said that he did not know, but afterwards said, "20l. "—Mr. Hill asked if he did not get the 20l. what charge would he make against him—he said,

"You know, Sir, you know you came into my bedroom, and came to my bedside, and wanted to get into bed," or, did "get into bed;" words to that effect—he said nothing about indecent liberties at that time that I recollect, but he did at the station—Mr. Hill gave him a cheque for 20l., and as he was going away I stopped him, took him into custody, and took the cheque out of his hand.

Prisoner's Defence. I have always been living in gentlemen's families, I lived with Mr. Bigg about eighteen months; I left him on 10th July and advertised; Mr. Hill answered it; I arranged with him, and went to him a fortnight afterwards; I had eighteen months good character, it was taken from me at the police office; I showed it to Mr. Hill, and he was satisfied with it; I told him if he was not satisfied, Colonel Hall was living, and he could make inquiries about it, and my master was stopping at an hotel in Bond-street; he said that he would, but did not, and I went to him; on the first night I slept in the room, I had been there about two hours, when Mr. Hill came in; I went to bed about 10 o'clock, and he came in about 12; he came first to wash his hands, and came in afterwards with a light in his hand, and his dressing gown on (The prisoner here entered into the details of the offence in question); next morning he said, "You will not say anything to anybody;" I said, "No;" I knew nobody in London, and had no acquaintance but Mr. Bigg and dark; I said to Clark, "I do not know what that gentleman did that I am living with, but last night when I went to bed * * * * *; what am I to do, I cannot live with him;" he said, "Get him to make you some recompense, and leave him;" I said, "I do not know what to do about it;" when Mr. Hill came in, I begged his pardon, and told him I was very sorry, but I was not comfortable in his place; he had told me in the morning before he went out, to sleep in my own room at the top of the house; he said, was not my own room comfortable; I said, "Yes," but that I could not think of stopping after what occurred last night, and I wished to leave directly; he said, "What recompense can I make you for your time said, "I do not know;" he said, "Will 5l. do? "I said, "No, nor yet ten;" he said, what did I intend to do; I said, "I intended to go away and see some one about it, you have done me a great injury; I have been waiting about three weeks for your place;" he said, "Before I would have the thing made known, I would give you anything you like, but more than 40l. or 50l. will ruin me;" he gave me three cheques for 45l., and begged of me not to change them till next day, and said that he would give me the money next day; two of the cheques were on the same bank, the three amounted to 45l.; next day he brought me 45l. wrapped up in a piece of paper; I gave him the three cheques back, and he begged me to say nothing about it; all that my room wanted doing to was, I had to go down to the steward's office, and she put some sheets on the beds, that was the room I was to sleep in; she brought the key next morning; I only slept two nights there, one in his room, and one in my own; I have always had a good character; I have been in service from fourteen years old; if Mr. Hill had acted as a gentleman to me, I should have done so as a servant; I have lived with Lady Lee, and several other persons, but none of them are here.

COURT
to
MR. HILL. Q. Had you been out to a party that night? A. I had been dining out—I came home about 12 o'clock—I had not slept in that room for two or three months—it is true that I went into the room—I went in, because my washing things were there—I washed my hands there, and spent about a minute in the room altogether—I had no washing materials

in the room where I slept-it is a library, and the bed in which I slept was a press bed—the statement that the prisoner has made is absolutely false—I did not ask him to say nothing about it, because I had done nothing—nothing of the sort passed—the whole thing is absolutely false—it is only because there are particles of truth, which he has made a handle. of—it is true that I washed my hands there; that is the unfortunate circumstance; and it is also true that he slept in that room—the rest is absolutely false—I cannot recollect whether I gave him one cheque, or three, but I can find out if it is material—I cannot say whether the laundress brought the keys the next morning, but I could not find the keys, and, that is the reason that he slept in that room—it was first proposed that he should sleep in that room about 6 o'clock the evening, just as I was, going away—I had not time to look for the keys, as I was obliged to hurry—he brought a written character—I went to tie gentleman, at Long's Hotel but. he was not in town—I learned that he had been at the, hotel, and that was, so far satisfactory—I went to the prisoner's lodging, and they did not give him an unfavourable character, but on the contrary—I gave direction to the laundress to prepare, the bedroom for him at the top of the house—I saw, her as I was coming down the passage, and said, "Just have that room got ready."

Prisoner. On the night that he came to my bed he said that he should not wish me to sleep in that room any more, and that my room should be got ready next day. Witness. That is not true.,




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for life
.
