





1631. 




EDWARD ROOKE,



 WILLIAM LEGGETT
, and 




JAMES WREN



, stealing 2 cans, value 2s.; and 20 gallons of olive oil, 4l.; the goods of 



William Browning and others, the master of Rooke.—2nd COUNT, charging Leggett and Wren with receiving.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BROWNING
. I am in partnership with James Browning and three others, we are oil-merchants, and carry on business at 113, St. Jobn-street. Rooke was our carman, and had been so about twenty-one months—Leggett had been in our service, but left I think about April last—on the morning of 29th Aug. my attention was called by our warehouseman, John Huggins, to a can of ten gallons of olive oil which was in our new warehouse—it had no right to be there—it was worth about 4s. 3d. a gallon—those fine oils are always drawn by ray particular order—my warehouseman marked the can in my presence, and I left it where I found it—I looked for it between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, and it was gone—about eleven the same evening I looked for it with Huggins and the policeman, and after some time we found it under some straw in the wagon which Rooke drove—there was another ten-gallon can with it of the same sort of oil—the value of the two was between 4l. and 5l.—they had no directions on them—I saw the cans again on the morning of 30th Aug.—there was a direction on them then—they are the property of our firm.


Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. What did you do with the two cans when you found them? A. They were marked by the officer, and left n the wagon.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long was Leggett in your service? A. I should think about two years—it may have been five—I believe he is married.





JOHN HUGGINS
. I am foreman to Messrs. Browning. I have heard Mr. Browning's evidence; it is correct—Rooke drove the wagon—on 30th Aug., between five and six o'clock in the morning, I saw the cans—Rooke came to work about six, and about nine he took the wagon out of the yard, to the front of the premises, to have it loaded—he bad a load of five pipes of seal-oil—he helped to load the wagon, and was in it—I gave him a delivery-note for these five pipes of oil—he had not to take two cans of fine olive-oil—when goods are sent out, it is a rule that delivery-notes are to be given with them—four of those pipes were to go to Hale's Wharf, and one to Topping's Wharf—I do not know how the cans of oil got into the wagon—I gave no order for their being taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. You know Rooke well, and know that your employers had a good character with him? A. Yes; it was Rooke's duty to deliver oils to the direction they were sent to—I do not know that if cans of oil have got into the cart, they have been brought back—I remember, about six months ago, twenty-nine barrels of oil were to be shipped, and Rooke brought back one cask, finding he bad one too many—about six weeks ago he took a cask of oil to Fenning's Wharf—they could not take it—the ship would not sail for a month—it ought to have been taken to another wharf, and he brought it back.





JOHN ROBERT HUGGINS
. I am the son of the last witness, and am in Messrs. Browning's employ. I saw the two cans in the wagon on Friday morning, between five and six o'clock—Rooke came to work about six—I watched him, and saw him get into the wagon, and move the straw about, between seven and eight—no one got in but him—he had 22s. a week—he had 10s. that morning to pay for storeage.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. The straw was all over the wagon? A. Yes; there might be a truss of straw—a cart was near when this wagon was loaded—I cannot say how many things were to be put into the wagon and cart—when one is drawn out, another comes up to be loaded—perhaps five or six wagons may be loaded in a day.





JOHN GUNN
 (police-sergeant, G 8). I was watching the premises, and raw the can of oil marked—at eleven o'clock at night I saw the two cans in the wagon, and they were marked in my presence, and Mr. Browning's, and the warehouseman's—I was there next morning, to watch—Rooke came at six—he went to breakfast, and came back, and then, the wagon was loaded with five pipes of oil—we followed it to London-bridge, and saw Leggett and Wren walking backwards and forwards on London-bridge—Leggett nodded to Wren, and Wren returned it—the wagon and Rooke were then in their sight—they let the wagon pass, and followed it at about 100 yards' distance—it drew up at Topping's Wharf, in Tooley-street—it drew under the arch-way and the crane was thrown down to unload it—Leggett jumped up into the wagon with Rooke, who was there already, and one pipe of oil was taken out—Rooke then moved the straw off the two cans of oil, which were in the left corner, in the front of the wagon—they had been removed from the centre, where 1 had seeu them the night before—Rooke took off the tarpaulin and the straw from the cans—Leggett was looking on—they seemed to be

talking—Leggett then put his hand into his trowsers-pocket, and Rooke put his hand next Leggett's hand—Rooke then put his band into his own pocket—Wren stood close to the wagon, with his face towards them—Leggett then jumped down—Rooke remained in the wagon, pulled one can out, and handed it to Wren, who walked away with it—he then took the other, and handed it to Leggett, who was walking away—I apprehended Wren with the can on his shoulder, and Tyler took Leggett with the can—they were the two cans which had been marked the night before by Tyler, in my presence—Rooke did not attempt to get away—I told him to come out of the wagon—he said, "I have done nothing; if anybody asks me to carry a can for them, I do it"—when the cans were found in the wagon, they had no tables on them; but when we took them into Tooley-street, there was a bit of wood tied to the handle of each of them, with "Mr. Hoole, oil and colourman, Peter-street, Soho-square," on it—when I saw Rooke in the wagon, in the morning, I saw him cover up some bulk in the front corner of the wagon—he put the tarpaulin over it, so as that no one could see what was under it—he was searched, and 2l. 2s. 2d. found on him—he said he had got 10s. of it from his masters, to pay the storeage.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Were you employed as a detector? A. Yes, I always am—we do not get anything else for that—Rooke was the only person that was in the wagon—three or four men rolled these pipes of wine, but none of them went into the wagon—it took about ten minutes to load it—I was close to them, looking down on them from the first-floor window.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. You walked after the wagon? A. Yes; I never lost sight of it—when I first saw Leggett and Wren, they were at this end of London-bridge, coming across from the other side of the water—I took Leggett about ten o'clock, as soon as he had left the wagon with the oil—he was going towards London-bridge.





HENRY TYLER
 (policeman, A 114). I was with Sergeant Gunn—I saw Rooke place some straw over something at the head of the wagon—I followed the wagon—I saw Leggett and Wren in King William-street—when they were on the bridge, the wagon was in sight, in front of them—they followed it to Topping's Wharf, and Leggett pulled off his jacket tod got up into the wagon—he assisted in putting the hooks on the cask of oil that was craned up into the warehouse—he then put his hand into his pocket, and passed something to Rooke, which Rooke put into his pocket—Leggett then got down, and Wren came across to the wagon—Rooke gave him one can of oil—then Leggett came, and Rooke gave him a can of oil—I took Leggett—I charged him with receiving the oil, knowing it to be stolen—he said, "I was asked to carry it"—these are the two cans that I had marked.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. When you saw the cans, they had no address? A. Not when they were in the wagon; but when I took them, there was a label on the handle of each of them.





WILLIAM BROWNING

re-examined. One of these cans is the one that I marked—we had no customer name Hoole.
(Rooke received a good character.)

ROOKE—



GUILTY
of stealing. Aged 34.—Recommended to mercy by the



Jury.—



Confined Six Months



LEGGETT—



GUILTY
of receiving. Aged 28.—Recommended to mercy by the



Jury.—



Confined Twelve Months



WREN—



GUILTY
of receiving.† Aged 42.—



Transported for Seven Years
.
