






1464. 




THOMAS HILLIER,



 JAMES BURKE,



 WILLIAM ANDERSON
, and 




WILLIAM WELCH



, stealing 630lbs. weight of metal pipe, value 18l.; the goods of 



Joseph Somes and another.—2nd COUNT, stealing 1 pump, 18l.; the goods of Joseph Somes and another: Burke (having been before convicted.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS SLATER
. I am gate-keeper at Messrs. Joseph Somes and Frederick Somes's dock, at Poplar. On 2nd Aug. I went with another man to seek for a pump—I came to a ditch, 300 or 400 yards from Messrs. Somes's—when we got near it we heard a knocking, and when we got a little further on, the four prisoners, who were in the ditch, rose up, and walked away—they saw us—we walked after them, and then they all ran as fast as they could—we followed them, got help, and gave them into custody—we went back to the ditch, and found these two pieces of the pump there—I know it, and have no doubt of its being the prosecutors'—I found these chisels, a hammer, and another piece of the pump, in another ditch, a little distance off—I know all the prisoners by sight—Hillier has worked on the prosecutors' premises.





JOSEPH MARSHALL
. I had charge of the stores in Messrs Somes's dock-yard. I missed a pump on 2nd Aug.—it was safe on Wednesday, 31st July, in the morning—there was some spun yarn about it—it was taken away either on Thursday night or Friday morning, and on Friday it was found in the ditch—this is it—it is worth 18l. or 20l.





ROBERT HEWLETT
. I am in the service of Messrs. Somes. I went with Thomas Slater in search of the pump—when we came near the ditch the four prisoners rose up; they walked a short distance, and then ran—I had heard a noise of a hammer and chisel, which appeared to come from the ditch, close by the pump—I pursued them—they ran very nearly across the second field—they crossed a ditch—I came up to them—I passed between Burke and Welch—I then passed Hillier—he said, "What the h—are you running after us for?"—I said, could not I run in the marsh as well as he?—he said he thought we were running after him—they stood a while, and looked about, and then came together again—one of them threw himself on the ground, and said if I wanted him I might carry him—we got assistance, and took the prisoners—I went back, and found the pump, these hammers, and a chisel—Welch said he should get into trouble for having a drink of beer with them.





JOSHUA JUDGE
 (Thames police-inspector). I received charge of the prisoners, and produce the pump—I went to the ditch to get it—I asked the prisoners about it—Welch said, "I only had a drink of beer"—two of the prisoner's' shoes were muddy with the same mud as that in the ditch—Burke and Welch are brothers.






RICHARD WHITE
 (Thames police-inspector). On 2nd Aug., I was left in charge of the prisoners at the station—I was in the same room, and heard them talk—Burke said to Welch, "I suppose this time I shall go to Sydney"—Welch said, "If you like you can be clear," or "clear me"—Burke said, "I would not care a d—n, if it was not for bringing you into trouble; if f get clear this time I will take a long journey for it"—Hillier said, "You d—d fools, hold your tongues, everybody must do the best they can for themselves; don't let every body know too much of your mind"—it was not said very loud—they were talking to themselves.

Hillier's Defence. I knew nothing of the pump being there; there was nearly five feet of water in the ditch; a great many of Mr. Somes' men cross that field; when I got up I walked away, and they were running after us with sticks; the men came up and asked me to go back with them, which I did.

Andersons Defence. I never saw the pump till it was brought before the Magistrate.





JAMES HAINES
 (police-sergeant, K 21). I produce a certificate of Burke's conviction at Clerkenwell, by the name of Thomas Welch—(read—Convicted Dec, 1846, and confined six months)—I was present—he is the person.

HILLIER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Twelve Months.
—BURKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years
—ANDERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Twelve Months.
—WELCH—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Twelve Months.

