



254. 




ANN WHITE



, stealing 1 watch, value 4l.; the goods of 



William Frederick Welch, from his person.






WILLIAM FREDERICK WELCH
. I am a tailor, living in Upper Weymouth-street. On 24th Jan., about half past 11 o'clock at night—I was near Field-lane, going up Holborn—I stood still—I had not been drinking—two females came up to me, and asked me to go with them into Plough-court—I went there—one of them left, and the other remained with me—that was the prisoner—I am certain of her—while we were in the court talking I felt a chuck at my watch—I put my hand up, and my watch was gone—the chain went round my neck—I had looked at my watch a quarter of an hour before—the prisoner ran away, and said, "I will be back in a minute," or something of that sort

—I ran after her—she went into a house in Plough-court—I followed her—she went into the parlour, and the door was shut in my face—I called a policeman, and with his assistance got into the parlour, and saw that there was a door into Field-lane, which was wide open—we searched the rest of the house, but did not find the prisoner—in consequence of something which passed between me and the policeman, I went next evening in disguise, and stood against a lamp post at the comer of Farringdon-street and the bottom of Holborn—the prisoner came up to me, and then said, "I beg your pardon, I made a mistake," and was going away—I spoke to her, and she came back, and asked me if I would stand treat—I said I did not care if I did—she wanted to cross over to Field-lane again, but I said, "No, I will go up this way"—we walked till we got opposite St. Andrew's Church, where I met a policeman, and gave her into custody—I am sure she is the same woman.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you say that there were two females, and that you lost 18d.? A. No; I am quite certain you are the person—I have never said I was not certain whether it was you or the other female.





WILLIAM CLARK
 (City policeman, 237). Welch gave the prisoner into my custody—she said he must be mistaken in the person, she knew nothing about the watch.

Prisoner's Defence. Last Monday week I was going to the play, and met another young female at the comer of Fleet-street; we met the prosecutor, and spoke to him; he said he had been with two young girls, and had lost 18d.; it was between 1 and 2 o'clock in the morning; I said, "Come away from him, he is tipsy;" he said, "Come along, and I will treat you; I walked with him to the corner of the court, and left him and the other female together; he gave me in charge on the next night; I know nothing of it whatever.

COURT
to
WILLIAM WELCH. Q. Are you sure she is the woman who stopped with you? A. Yes; there was a lamp down the court, and I could lee her face—she was not more than three minutes in my company, but was talking to me all the time.

Prisoner. At the police court he pointed out a person who he said was in the parlour when he went in to search, but it turned out that he was mistaken in the party, who was a friend of Mr. Wood, the solicitor; he might as well be mistaken in me as in him. Witness. I did point out a gentleman at Guildhall, who I believe to be a man who I saw in the parlour—there was a family in the parlour, which opened into Field-lane, a man, a woman, and children—they are Jews—I pointed out the person at Guildhall, because I believed him to be that man, and I believe so now—he was up there on a case of the same sort, to get a girl off who he lived with, who was charged with stealing a watch and chain—he was there with the solicitor—two detectives in plain clothes went into the parlour with me—I do not know their names—I saw them at the station house on the night the charge was made—one was called Charles.





WILLIAM CLARK

re-examined. I do not know the names of those officers—I was at Guildhall—two females were charged there with stealing a watch from a person, and the person who Webb pointed out was concerned with them—I have made inquiry, and find that the prisoner's sister lives in the parlour—she is in Court now.

Prisoner. My sister lives in the next house; she was not there at all.




GUILTY
. The prisoner was further charged with having been previously convicted of felony.







HENRY ATTWOOD
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction; (read—"Central Criminal Court, 


Ann Caddick convicted April, 1850, of feloniously receiving pistols, and other articles, value 130l.—confined one year")—I was present—she is the person.


GUILTY. **† Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

