



675. 




JAMES SCHOFIELD



, stealing 2lbs. weight of lead, 2 adzes, 2 hammer-heads, and other articles, value 1l., and 97 sovereigns; the property of 



William Hawley, in his dwelling-house.


MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HAWLET
. On 1st Jan. I succeeded the prisoner in the occupation of some rooms, and he continued to live next-door to me; my bedroom adjoined his—there was a door between, bolted on both sides—on 80th Jan. I had a trunk under the bed, in which was a carpet-bag containing a quantity of cotton, and ninety-seven or ninety-eight sovereigns—on 6th Feb. I went to the trunk and found the bag taken out, and thrown under the bed—I opened it, put my hand down for the purse, but found a hole had been cut in the bottom, and the purse and sovereigns were gone—the next day I found the prisoner had left—be, had not told

me he was going away—we had always been on good terms—there are six dwelling-houses in a gallery; there is only one flight of stairs—then are warehouses underneath—the prisoner had seen me with 50l., and once he went with me to the Bank to get some notes changed—he had told me he wished to go to New Orleans, but had not sufficient means—I reeommended him to go to Port Natal; he said he had not sufficient to take his wife—he asked me to go with him to Mr. Beckett, the broker of the ship, to get him a cheap passage for 8l.—when I discovered my loss I got a policeman, went to the Docks, and found the ship John Bright, just going into the river—we went on board, found the prisoner, and told him the charge—he said, "How can yon suspect me"—I saw the officer search his boxes; they contained eight new coats, eleven pairs of trowsers, six waistcoats, and a quantity of new handkerchiefs and stockings, worth as near as I can guess, about 25l.—the ship took us down to Gravesend, and we then went ashore and took the prisoner to the Mansion-house—I took him down to Gravesend again, got his chests on shore to a public-house, searched them in his presence, and found a quantity of smith's tools belonging to me (produced)—did not miss them till I saw them; the prisoner had carried them for me from my house to the warehouse; there is an adze, with the name of Richardson on it, which has been, in my family for fifty years; my father made it—on the day before I discovered my loss, I received this letter by post; it is in the prisoner's writing—I have seen him write—(This letter stated that he was ashamed of not coming to wish the prosecutor good-bye before he left, but he could not help it, having been down to Liverpool, and then come, back and taken a passage in the John Bright to Natal, that he would wait there till the arrival of some goods from the prosecutor, and help to get them out; and was signed,
JAMES SCHOFIELD—I was going to send some goods to Natal—only 6l. or 7l. have been found—I saw a key of the prisoner a tried to my door, and it fitted it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What was the prisoner? A. A plasterer—I never heard that he did carpentering work—my father made great many tools—I also know this file by a snip out of it, I broke It myself—I have worked with these pincers many scores of times, and also with these pliers and compasses—the prisoner told me he had come from Bradford, and I have no reason to doubt it—he told me if he could get money from Bradford, he should go by the John Bright—there are sit rooms opening into this gallery; people do not come into the gallery to hawk goods and sell fish—the prisoner's key will not open all the doors, only his and mine—the servant was generally with me and my wife in the refreshment-room, which we keep, about 200 yards off—there has been no unpleasantness between the prisoner and my wife.





CHAELES BAILEY
 (City-policeman, 524.) On 2nd Feb. I apprehended the prisoner on board the John Bright—I searched him, and found on him 4l. 5s. 6d. and, in his box, 1l. 8s. 2 1/2 d., and a quantity of new clothes; also a bill for clothes, amounting to 10l. 3s.—the bill contained all the clothes I found except eight new coats—I also found some pistols, a plane, and a key—I tried the key to two doors in the place Where the money was taken from; it fitted them both—I also found a key which had been filed, but that did not fit.

Cross-examined. Q. When did the prosecutor first tell you of hit loss? A. On Friday, the 7th; he Had then got the prisoner's letter—I found the

prisoner down in hit berth—he objected to his boxes being searched if the presence of his fellow-passengers, and we took them on shore—he said he did not want to be exposed, or something to that effect—as the tools were taken out and identified, the prisoner said, "Do you suppose I should not have a few tools, going out to Natal"—Hawley said they were his—the prisoner's wife was not on board.

MR. PAYNE
called.






NATHAN CLOUGH
. I live at Bradford, and have known the prisoner tea or twelve years—he comes from that part; he left eight or ten months ago—he bore a very good character—he belonged to a club there for saving money; he has received 30l. at different times—the last 10l. was about ten months ago, and I have paid him 8l. since—it had been borrowed of him, and I had to pass it to him.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Yean.

