





955. 




WILLIAM STRAHAN,




 SIR JOHN DEAN PAUL
, Bart., and 




ROBERT MAKIN BATES
, were indicted for

 that they, since 1st Jan., 1851, being bankers, and agents to 




John Griffith, clerk, and being entrusted by him with certain bonds (set out in the indictment) for safe custody, without any authority to pledge or make away with them, in violation of good faith, did sell and convert the same to their own use and benefit Other COUNTS, for negotiating, transferring, and pledging the same, and for a conspiracy.


MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL, with
MESSRS. BODKIN
and
POLAND, conducted the Prosecution.

(The Defendants having surrendered, and pleaded Not Guilty, SIR F. THESIGER, who, with
MR. HAWKINS, appeared for Strahan, applied that the Defendants might be permitted to plead double on the present occasion, vis., in addition to the plea of Not Guilty, to plead a special plea under 7 &; 8 Geo. 4, c. 29. The present charge was founded upon the 49 th section of that Act of Parliament; and by the 52 nd section it was provided that if any offender against the Act should at any time previously to his being indicted for that offence, have disclosed such act, in consequence of any compulsory process of any court of law or equity, or in any examination or deposition before any Commissioner of Bankruptcy, that he should not be liable to be convicted as an offender against this Act in respect of any act done by him. A question would arise whether, under this section, the disclosure here provided for might be given in evidence under the general issue; he (Sir F. The signer) entertained a strong opinion that it might, and in fact that it must be given in evidence in that way only. He was informed that that course was not objected to on the other sick, but for better security he desired to put a special plea on the record, which should contain a statement of the disclosure made by the defendants under an examination before the Commissioner of Bankruptcy.






MR. BARON ALDERSON

inquired if there was any authority to support the application. The
ATTORNEY GENERAL
replied that the authorities were distinctly the other way.


SIR F. THESIGER
was not prepared with any authority, but was informed that there were two cases in the Queen's Bench bearing upon this point.






MR. BARON ALDERSON

believed the decisions had been the other way. He could not see upon what principle such an application could be acceded to; it was not a claim of merit, it could only be an appeal made to the discretion of the Court. The application was refused.)





REV. DR. JOHN GRIFFITH
. I am a doctor of divinity, and a Canon of Rochester Cathedral—I have had an account for some years past with the house of Snow, Paul, and Strahan—my account with that house began in Dec., 1830—at that time, I think, the firm was Snow, Paul, and Panl—afterwards, I think, it was Strahan, Paul, Paul, and Bates, and subsequently, when the late Sir John Paul died, it became, as it latterly was, Strahan, Paul, and Bates—I think the late Sir John Dean Paul died in 1853—I am not quite sure, but it was about that time certainly—from that time

down to the bankruptcy the firm continued to be Strahan, Paul, and Bates—I was in the habit, from time to time, of employing my bankers to make investments for me—I think it was in the year 1850 that I first directed them to make an investment in the Danish 5 per cent bonds—this is my pass book (produced)—I find myself debited here, on 4th Feb., 1850, with a sum of 202l. 10s., the purchase of 2,000l. Danish 5 per cents—my practice was to give instructions for the purchase, and I think in almost all cases I received from them bought notes—this (produced) is the bought note referring to the purchase I have spoken of—on 16th April, 1850, I find this item in the pass book, "For 1,000 Danish 5 per cents. at 953/4, 958l. 15s."—this (produced) is the bought note that was transmitted to me with reference to the last mentioned purchase—in April, 1851, I gave them a further order to purchase similar stock for me (looking at a letter)—this is the order contained in this letter—it is dated 9th April, 1851—the postscript says, "I shall be obliged if you will purchase for me 2,000l. Danish 5 per cent bonds. J. Griffith."—that I sent to the house by the post, addressed to Messrs. Strahan, Paul, and Co.—this (produced) is the bought note that was transmitted to me, showing the execution of that order; it is dated 10th April, 1851, the day after my letter to them—on 16th April, 1851, there is the following item in my pass book, "For 2,000 Danish bonds, at 1013/4, 2037l. 10s.—the date of the bought note is the 10th—it states at the bottom of it, "Bought for the 16th instant"—this (looking at another) is a note referring to the same transaction; it is dated 16th April—there is a memorandum on it, "Bought on the 10th instant"—it is the same transaction—in that case I conclude they sent me two bought notes, one on the 10th, when the purchase was made, and one on the 16th, when it was completed; and on the 16th I am debited with the amount expressed on both these notes—those three purchases made on the whole 5,000 Danish 5 per cents.

Q. Did you ever ask for them or interfere with them in any way, or were they remaining in their possession as you thought until the bank-ruptcy? A. I do not think I ever asked for them, nor did I ever ask to see them, but I had conversation with Mr. Bates respecting them, I think more than once—I mean with regard generally to the bonds which I had entrusted to their charge—I had other securities in their charge.

COURT. Q. You do not think you ever saw these particular ones? A. I think I may say I certainly never saw them.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you remember the conversation you had with Mr. Bates upon the subject of these securities? A. Yes, I can recollect it pretty well; in feet, I used to transact my banking business almost solely with Mr. Bates—I have had conversation with him upon the subject of my securities since the date of the purchase of this 5,000l. Danish stock—since the last date I have had conversation with him, and also in the presence of Mr. Straban, with regard to these particular bonds—in the first instance, with regard to the general conversation I have had with Mr. Bates, he has told me that they were quite secure in their custody, and they would take charge of them and keep them in safe custody—I am now speaking of all the bonds—but with regard to these Danish bonds, I had a special conversation, I think in the month of April, 1855, with Mr. Bates and Mr. Strahan—I can state the very date (referring to a paper), it was on 28th April—I happened to go in on other business, and was speaking to Mr. Strahan and Mr. Bates respecting some dividends on certain shares that I possessed in a gas company, and in the course of that conversation I made

an observation to them, that they had received my dividends upon these 5,000 Danish bonds, but that they had not received the dividends upon the gas shares which were at that time due—I spoke from what I had seen in my pass book—I had received my pass book a day or two before, and I saw that the Danish bonds were inserted, but the gas shares were not, and my object in calling upon them was to induce them to obtain the dividends upon the gas shares—the reply of Mr. Bates was, "Yes, we have, I think, received this very morning the dividends upon the gas shares, but they are not yet brought to your account, but I will go out and ascertain the fact"—this happened in an inner room, and he went out into the bank and came back saying, yes, they had been received on that very morning—I do not think anything more was said on that occasion about the Danish 5 per cents.—I know that this was on 28th April—Mr. Bates and Mr. Strahan were both present at that conversation—the dividends upon the Danish 5 per cents, have been regularly passed to my account in the pass book—the last entry is on 16th March, 1855.

COURT. Q. From the time they were first bought, up to 16th March, 1855, the dividends upon the 5,000l. Danish bonds, were regularly carried to your account in the pass book? A. Yes.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Give us the entries of March, 1854? A. The way in which it is recorded here is, "March 1st, six months Danish ditto, 121l. 7s. 1d. "—before that, there are other dividends—the word "ditto" refers to dividends—with the exception of the difference of income tax, that is the same amount that had been uniformly paid for the dividends down to that time—the previous entry is, "Sept. 1853, six months on 5,000l. Danish 5 per cents, 121l. 7s. 1d. "—the same sum that was paid in March, 1854—in Sept 1854, it runs thus, "Sept. 2nd, six months upon 5,000l. Danish 5 per cents, 117l. 14s. 2d.," that is the difference of income tax—that is the last item—the dividends were regularly carried to my account from the first period, down to March, 1855—I do not know that the variance in the amount arose from the difference of income tax, but I conclude it was so—I took it for granted, I said nothing on the subject—I never at any time gave to the defendants or either of them any authority direct or indirect, to negotiate, pledge, transfer, or sell these securities, or in any manner to convert them to their own use or benefit—I never gave them any plea or pretext, under which they might consider themselves entitled so to act.

COURT. Q. What was it that they were to do? A. To keep them in safe custody, and to receive the dividends and bring them to my account—what I mean is, that I never overdrew my account—I never asked them for any accommodation, or anything of that description—I never gave them any plea, upon which they could possibly dispose of these securities.

MR. BODKIN. Q. I suppose your balance was always rather a good one? A. Rather larger than was prudent, I suppose—I happened to be in London in June last, when I heard of the stoppage of the house of Strahan and Co.—it happened to be whispered on a Sunday afternoon, that was the first time I heard of it—I put the matter into the hands of my solicitors, and warrants were applied for at Bow-street against the defendants—application had been made at the bank by my direction for some information as to my securities in the first instance, and we could get no satisfactory information respecting them—after the application at Bow-street, Mr. Strahan called upon me—I was then stopping in Lower Berkeley-street.

Q. Will you be good enough to tell us what passed between Mr. Strahan

and yourself, upon that occasion? A. May I be permitted to refer to a memorandum which I made at the time, to refresh my memory?—I made it either that evening, or the day following—(The witness was permitted to refer to the memorandum)—perhaps I may premise that a friend of Mr. Strahan's had called upon me before he came, two friends of his indeed had called at separate times, one of them I saw—Mr. Strahan's first observetion was to this effect, that he was surprised to hear that I could obtain no information at the bank respecting my securities, for he and his partners were there constantly to give whatever information might be required—this, I believe, was in reference to the conversation which I had had with his friend—he then stated that they were engaged day and night in making up their accounts, and that if I proceeded with the legal measures I had commenced, it would be very detrimental to the creditors at large, and particularly to myself, for the securities had been so disposed of that there was no possible chance of my recovering anything of them; whereas if I abstained from those proceedings there would be a good prospect of my having them replaced or redeemed (I forget which word he used, replaced, I think it was) as both be and Sir John Paul had great expectations of receiving money hereafter, by which those securities of mine might be restored to me, and indeed, he added, they had prepared notes of hand for me, in case I should have called at the bank—he then proceeded to say that my securities had been taken by Sir John Paul himself to the City, and placed in the hands of either Overend and Co. or Burland and Co., he could not tell me which, but he said that Sir John Paul was not alone to blame, that he himself was equally to blame and equally responsible for the transaction, inasmuch as it was done with his full knowledge and consent; "Indeed," said he, "I gave them to him," and immediately added, "I assure you it was the first dishonest act of my life, I never before defrauded any man of sixpence"—I asked him when this happened—he said about 6' weeks ago—he then said that the securities so disposed of amounted in value to nearly 100,000l.—he was speaking in that conversation of the great body of securities, not in reference merely to this 5,000l., but of the body of my securities, and in making that observation I suppose he adverted to the whole misappropriations of the bank, not merely to the whole of mine, but to others as well as mine, to the amount of nearly 100,000l.,"but," he said, "yours was by far the largest amount belonging to any one individual"—I asked him, in reference to the disposal of my securities, whether some of them had not been disposed of to Messrs. Peppercorn—they are brokers that transact business generally in the purchase of these securities—he answered that he believed some of them might have been disposed of through their means—I also asked him whether my special securities, speaking generally of them, were kept in my box—I had a box there, of which they had a key and I had a key—it had only one lock—he said, no, they were not; they were kept with other securities of a similar nature, but in a parcel tied up by themselves, with my name attached to it—I think he said they were kept in a strong room—he then urged upon me the impolicy of my proceeding, and stated that many others who were similarly circumstanced with myself had been very kind to them, and begged that I would abandon the proceedings—he said that he knew the warrants were issued—this was on the very day that Mr. Bates was in custody, I think that Sir John Paul had escaped from the officers, and that the warrants were out for the apprehension of Mr. Strahan—it was on the day following the issuing of the warrants, on the Wednesday—my reply to him was this that I was not actuated by any vindictive feeling towards them

but that I felt I had a public duty to perform; it was a duty I owed to society to proceed, and that I could not conscientiously pass over so grave an offence without continuing the proceedings—I also told him that I had placed the matter in the hands of my solicitor—I declined to stop and referred to my solicitors, Messrs. Fearon, of Great George-street—his reply was, "If I go to him, he will arrest me at once"—that was the whole of the conversation—upon my declining, he said, "Very well, then, it must be so," and he took his leave.

Cross-examined by
SIR F. THESIGER. Q. I understand you to say, that you never saw these Danish bonds at any time? A. I never saw them—I am not able to answer whether they are securities which pass from hand to hand, without any assignment—the dividends were payable in March and Sept, every year—they were brought to my account in March and Sept—to the best of my belief, I have given an accurate account of the conversation that I had with Mr. Strahan on the occasion when he called upon me—I will not say that I may not have omitted something—if you will call my attention to it, you may possibly be apprised of something that I may have omitted—there was one question that I asked Mr. Strahan which I have studiously abstained from stating, and it is quite irrelevant, and I do not wish to state it unless it is desired—I made the memorandum of the conversation either the evening of the interview, or the following morning—my belief is that I have stated accurately what occurred between Mr. Strahan and myself on that occasion—the two interviews I have spoken of were not the only interviews I had with Mr. Strahan—I can hardly say that the first interview I have spoken of was with reference to these securities at all, for I reposed that confidence in him that I never could have expected this matter would have taken place—I really cannot say that I had any other interview with Mr. Strahan besides those two—Mr. Bates was the person with whom I generally, almost invariably, transacted business; with Mr. Strahan very rarely, with Sir John Paul, never.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BYLES (with
MR. BALLANTINE, for Sir John Paul.) Q. I observe that you stated that you had a box of which they had a key, and you had a key? A. Yes—I supposed that these bonds had been kept in that box—I had had securities in that box—the box was bought on purpose to be put in their safe custody, with a view of retaining mortgage deeds and other securities.

Cross-examined by
MR. EDWIN JAKES (with
MR. PARRY, for Bates.) You mentioned some gas shares, those shares you found, did you not; they have not been transferred? A. They were not in their custody—I think the Gas Company had them—they had nothing to do with them, but to receive the dividends—happily they had not the shares, I gave them a power of attorrney to receive the dividends.

MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL. Q. They would require your signature before they could be transferred, would they not? A. I think so; but I cannot answer that question—they were in the possession of a friend, I never saw them.





CHARLES PEPPERCORN
. I am a stock and share broker, in partnership with my cousin, and carry on business at No. 2, Royal Exchange-buildings. I was in the habit of making purchases for the firm of Messrs. Strahan, Paul, and Bates—I called on them for orders from time to time (referring to a book)—on 2nd Feb., 1850, I made a purchase of 2,000l. Danish 5 per cent. bonds for the defendants, at 100l.—I have the purchase note that I made out on that occasion—I received an order from them to make that purchase

—that order is entered in my order book, which I produce—this is the order, "Buy 2000l. Danish 5 per cents., for Dr. J. Griffith"—the date of that order is 28th Jan.—I did it on 2nd Feb.—this order book was kept by the defendants—when it was filled up I returned it to them—the bonds that I purchased were delivered at the defendants' banking house, with the purchase note.

COURT. Q. Is it a special order book of theirs, or an order book of yours, in which you take orders from your customers? A. An order book of theirs—this book does not show how many bonds constituted the 2,000l.—by my book, it appears there were five bonds of 400l. each.

MR. POLAND. Q. What were the numbers of them? A. Nos. 378 460, 459, 457, and 458.





JOHN HILL
. I am a stock broker in partnership with Mr. David Sims. I was in the habit of making purchases for the defendants' firm, and of calling there for orders; the order was generally on a slip of paper, sometimes verbal. On 15th April, 1850, I made a purchase of 1,000l. Danish 5 per cents., by their instruction—this (produced) is the order they gave me, "15th April, buy 1,000l. Danish 5 per cents."—it does not say for whom—we completed that order—it was one bond for 1,000l., No. 87—this is the bought note that I sent to the defendants—the amount is 958l. 15s.—that includes our commission—Dr. Griffith's name does not appear on this note—I am not sure in whose handwriting the order was, I think it was Mr. Bates, but I could not say that it was so—on 10th April, 1851, we received an order to purchase 2,000l. Danish 5 per cents.—we bought them on the 10th April, they were delivered on the 16th—they consisted of two bonds of 400l. each, Nos. 426, and 573; two of 300l., Nos. 793, and 794; six of 100l., Nos. 657, 659, to 663, inclusive—we sent those bonds with the bought note to the defendants.

COURT. Q. What was the amount? A. The amount, including our commission, was 2,037l. 10s.—we received that ultimately; we received 2,035l. at the time, and the commission was settled afterwards—they paid us the net cost of the stock on that day, our commission account was settled with them at the end of the year.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BYLES. Q. This transaction, as I understand, took place in April, 1851; did you receive any instructions about the month of June, 1854, to purchase or repurchase for these gentlemen any Danish fives? A. I have no books of that period with me, and therefore I cannot speak to anything (The witness was directed to fetch his books relating to that period).





JAMES ALLEN
. I was for many years a clerk in the house of Strahan, Paul, and Co., bankers, in the Strand. The late Sir John Paul died about three or four years ago, I do not know the exact year—in 1850 the firm was William Strahan, Sir John Dean Paul, John Dean Paul, and Robert Makin Bates; that continued to be the firm up to the time of the death of Sir John Paul—there was no alteration in the firm after that; they kept up the same upon the cheques—I never heard of any alteration—the three defendants have continued to act as the members of the firm from that time down to the period of their bankruptcy—the securities that were in the bank before the death of Sir John Paul, continued in the same custody after his death—they were kept in tin boxes in the strong room—the usual mode was for the entries in the pass books of the customers to be copied into the general books of the bank.


COURT. Q. Which was it; the pass book copied from the bank books, or the books from the pass book? A. The pass book was copied from the ledger.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had the three defendants access to that ledger, and to the books of the bank generally? A. Certainly, constantly—it was part of my duty to prepare lists of the coupons, which entitled parties to receive the dividends upon them—I cut them off the Danish bonds as they became due—that was my duty—I made a list out, and gave them to a clerk to take into the City to receive the dividends—I did that in Sept., 1851—I believe Messrs. Hambro and Co. were the agents for that loan in London—this is the list (produced)—it is No. 1164—that is the list that I prepared in Sept, 1851—the coupons that I then made a list of were Nos. 426, 573, 793, and 794—the dividend on No. 426 was 10l., that must have been a 400l. bond—No. 573 was also a 400l. bond—Nos. 793 and 794 were 300l. bonds, the dividend upon them was 7l. 10s.—there are some others, Nos. 457, 458, 459, and 460—then there is No. 87, that is a 1000l. bond, 378 a 400l. bond—I have got all the 5000, with the exception of six of 100l.—(looking at another list) in this list I find No. 657—this is a list made out at the time—No. 657 was a 100l. bond—then there are Nos. 659, 660, 661, 662, and 663, each for 100l.—the numbers that I have given are the numbers of the bonds from which I tore the coupons, for the purpose of receiving the dividends that were then due.

COURT. Q. Then there were in the possession of these parties in Sept., 1851, all the bonds of which those were the coupons? A. Yes.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you continue to receive those dividends in the same way down to March, 1854? A. Yes, I believe so—I should Bay in Sept, 1853, was the last time that I cut off the coupons from these bonds for the purpose of having the dividends received—t have here my list of dividends due in Sept., 1853—here are Nos. 793 and 794, those are 300l. bonds—Nos. 378, 426, 427, 428, 429, and 460, and 573, 400l. bonds, and 87,1000l. bond—in this list No. 2181, I find the other numbers, 657, 659, up to 663.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BYLES. Q. Are you aware of any other customer besides Dr. Griffith having at that time any Danish 5 per cent bonds? A. No—I am not aware of it—it was my duty to cut off the coupons—if there were others they would appear in the same list, but they are not all checked off.





ALEXANDER BEATTIE
. I am one of the Directors of the National Life Assurance Society, and carry on business in King William-street. I have for some time been acquainted with the three defendants—Sir John Paul I knew very intimately—he came to me twice, and applied to me to lend a sum of money upon foreign securities—the first time was towards the close of 1853, I could not say the exact date—at that time he wanted me to advance 20,000l.—he wanted my Company to advance it—I told him that we did not advance upon foreign securities, but I suggested, as he was in want of the loan, that he could easily do it upon the Stock Exchange—he afterwards came to me again upon the same subject—then the war had commenced, and I stated to him there would be difficulty in borrowing at that time—he told me it was necessary he should have funds, and he was desirous either tomorrow or to sell the securities that he had with him—I only know the period of this second interview, from the facts that issued from it, it was in the beginning of March, 1854—he gave me a small memorandum of the securities, and he requested me either to obtain a loan, or, if that was not

practicable, to get the things sold for him—in consequence of that, I asked my brokers, Messrs. Foster and Braithwaite, to manage the matter as they could—Sir John Paul gave me a memorandum of the securities—he did not give me the securities themselves—I never became possessed of the securities—I took the memorandum to my brokers, and gave them instruction to carry out Sir John's wishes—I received from Foster and Braithwaite, it the proper date, two cheques, which represented the value of the two parcels of stock sold—these are the cheques (produced)—one is for 4,795l. 15s., and the other for 7,487l. 10s.—I could not say with accuracy that I received that cheque for 4795l. 15s., in respect of any particular sale, because I did not pay particular attention to the bonds that were sold—I merely handed the order over as the friend of Sir John, and had no business transaction with it—I handed over the small memorandum of the bonds, and received the cheques—it is probable that I had the same notes, and at the time I no doubt knew it, but as it was a matter passing simply through my hands, I have no recollection of it—I should have given those cheques to Sir John, but he represented to me the necessity of having notes, and asked me if I could oblige him with notes instead of them, and in order to do so I paid then cheques over to my own bankers, and gave him an open cheque on my bankers to take bank notes—the cheque I gave him was for 12,281l. 5s., the amount of the two other cheques—(The date of the two cheques was stated to be, 14th March, 1854, and the date of the last, 16th March).





JOHN ROBERT GIBSON
. I am a member of the Stock Exchange. I was formerly a clerk to Messrs. Foster and Braithwaite—I remember the sale of some Danish 5 per cent stock by them while I was in their employment—on 15th March, 1854, I saw Mr. Beattie—as far as I can remember, it was at his office—I saw there some bonds of Danish 5 per cent, stock—as far as I can recollect, I went to Mr. Beattie's office, and received the bonds from him there—I am not confounding the memoranda with the bonds—I received the bonds themselves—I received 10,000 3 per cent bonds, and 5000 Danish 5 per cents—I entered in my book the numbers of those bonds—1 have my book here—there was one for 1000l., No. 87; 7 of 100l. each, Nos. 378, 573, 426, and 457 to 460, both inclusive; 2 of 300l. each, Nos. 793 and 794; 6 of 100l. each, Nos. 657, 659 to 663—those bonds were sold through Foster and Braithwaite's house—one of these cheques produced was drawn for the proceeds of the Danish 5 per cents.—the amount of it is 4,793l. 15s.—the other cheque was given for the 3 per cents—I do not know to whom the 5 per cents were sold.





JOSEPH HOWELL
. I was formerly clerk to Messrs. Foster and Braithwaite. I was so in March, 1854—on 15th March, 1854, I delivered some bonds to Messrs. Rothschild and Sons—I believe I delivered some on the 15th and some on the 16th—I delivered 4500 Danish 5 per cent bonds, No. 87 for 1,000l.; 378, 426, 457, 458, 459, 460, 573 and 577 for 400l.; 793 and 794 for 300l., and 657 for 100l.—I delivered those on 16th March—I only delivered to Roths childs one 100l. bond, No. 657—I delivered some Danish 5 per cent, bonds to Cohen's on the previous day, 15th March—they were Nos. 659 to 663, both inclusive, of 100l. each—I have them entered in the jobber's sale book.





WILLIAM LEVINGTON SNUDDEN
. I am a clerk in the banking house of Smith, Payne and Smith. I produce some Danish 5 per cent bonds—there are 4 of 100l. each, numbered 659 to 663 inclusive—they are now in the possession of Smith, Payne and Smith—they hold them on account of Mr. Joseph Sykes, a customer of theirs—they were deposited with us on

16th March, 1854, and have been in our custody ever since—we have received on account of Mr. Sykes the dividends that have become due upon those bonds while they have been in our possession, up to the present time, and have carried them to the credit of Mr. Sykes.





ISAAC BRAITHWAITE
, I am a partner in the firm of Foster and Braithwaite. I recollect the circumstance of the sale of these Danish 5 per cents—I recollect distinctly having the order from Mr. Beattie to sell the bonds—these 2 cheques for 4,793l. 15s., and 7,487l. 10s. are in my handwriting—I have no doubt that the 4,793l. cheque was for the proceeds of the Danish 5 per cents.—this is the counterfoil of my cheque book—the cheque is dated the 14th March—I have no doubt that is a clerical error, the correct date ought to be the 15th March—there is a date on the counterfoil of the cheque above, and also on the cheque below, but there is no date on the I counterfoil of that particular cheque—I have no doubt whatever that these cheques were drawn on 15th March, although they bear the date of the 14th—I cannot tell you the date of the sale.





ALFRED TINGLE
. I am clerk to Jonas Simonson and Co., of No. 4, Savage Gardens. This list, No. 3388, was filled up by me—it is dated 4th Sept, 1854—it contains, among others, 2 coupons, No. 458, for 10l., and 793, for 7l. 10s.—I subsequently received from Messrs. Hambro the money for those—we received the coupons from a correspondent in Copenhagen, of the name of F. C. Broom, and cashed them at Hambro's—1 have here another list, No. 3713, dated 3rd March, 1855—that was made out by me—it contains, among others, a coupon, No. 458, for 10l. and 793, for 7l. 10s.—I took that list to Messrs. Hambro, and received the money—I believe they came from the flame correspondent at Copenhagen, hot I cannot say certainly from whom I received that list—the one of Sept, 1854, we received from Mr. Broom, of Copenhagen—they came into our hands to cash for some correspondent of ours—I do not know that it was the same correspondent.





FREDERICK MACKENZIE
. I am clerk to Over end, Gurney and Co. I filled up this list, 3713—I had a coupon numbered 87 at that time—I obtained payment of the dividend by virtue of that coupon on 28th August, 1854—I received a cheque for 25l.—that dividend was due on 1st Sept, 1854—I lodged the list on 28th August—this is the cheque I received—it is dated 1st Sept—I received that cheque in respect of the coupon of 28th August—here is a list, No. 3895—that was left on 26th April, 1855—the dividend was due on 1st March, 1855—I got a cheque for 110l. for it—the coupons in respect of which I received that cheque were numbered 426 and 457, for 100l. each—I presented the list and the coupons at Hambro's, and got the money from them—we received the coupons from a correspondent at Copenhagen, and received the money for him.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BYLES. Q. Was there a deposit with Overend and Gurney's of 5000 Danish 5 per cents, on 30th April 1855?.

MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL. Do you know that of your own knowledge? A. No.

MR. SERJEANT BYLES. Q. Are the bonds here? A. I do not know anything about the bonds—all I know about is the coupons we got from Copenhagen.





THOMAS CLARK
. I am clerk to Messrs. Westerholtz Brothers, of No. 26, Mark-lane. I have before me the list 3746—I made it out—it contains, among others, coupons due on 1st March, numbered 378, 459, 460, and 573—I delivered that list at Messrs. Hambro's, and received the money.


COURT. Q. Who did you receive it fort A. For a correspondent at Hamburg—I received it on 13th March—a correspondent at Hamburg had the coupons of these bonds in March, 1855.





FREDERICK SAVORY
. I am clerk to Messrs. Hambro and Son, of London. They are agents for the 5 percent Danish loan of 1949—the bonds upon which that loan was received, were issued from our house—I was not in the house at the time, I therefore can only state it as a thing I know, but not from my own private knowledge.





CHARLES JOACHIM HAMBRO
. I am the only person in the firm of Hambro and Son—my father was the "son"—the Danish 5 per cent loan was negotiated by me—the bonds produced are some of the bonds issued by my house upon that occasion by the authority of the Danish Government—they all bear my signature—these are the bonds I issued—the coupons that are attached to them entitle the parties periodically to receive the dividends due—the practice is to tear them off from the bonds every six months, and receive them as they become due—the coupons bear the same number and letter as the bonds—no two bonds of the same number are issued of the same loan—it is impossible that there could be two bonds of 100l. bearing the same number—as far as I remember, they were running numbers, and then it would be impossible that there could be a bond of 100l. of the same number as a bond of 200l.

Cross-examined by
SIR F. THESIGER. Q. The coupons are all dated, are they not? A. They are not dated, they are only numbered—yes, they are dated, the twelfth dividend warrant due on such a day—the time when the dividend becomes due is marked in each coupon, but not the date of the issue—they are all payable on 1st March and 1st Sept. in each year—the bond bears the signature of the Royal Minister of Finance, and the whole bond falls due when the whole of the coupons are paid, if not before—every six months there is a drawing of the bonds; and if the bond is drawn, it is paid off in the intermediate time.





WILLIAM BELL
. I am an official assignee of the Court of Bankruptcy. I was the official assignee of the bankruptcy of the defendants—in June last an application was made to me by Messrs. Fearon and Clabon, the solicitors of Dr. Griffith, with reference to some securities of his that had been lodged with the defendants—it was made verbally, and I think there was a note also—in consequence of that application, I went to the banking house in the Strand—I there saw Mr. Strahan, and I think Mr. Bates—I think it was on the 16th—it was after the bankruptcy—the bankruptcy was on 11th June, and it was in that same week—I asked Mr. Strahan what had become of Dr. Griffith's securities—he said they were sold or pawned—my impression is that he at first merely said they would not be forthcoming; but having seen my own note, which I made immediately, I find it is, "they were either pawned or deposited," and therefore I have no doubt those were the words he used, sold or pawned—I have not the memorandum now in my possession—Mr. Strahan used the words" sold or pawned—I do not mean that he used one or other of those words, but both—he was not prepared to say whether they were sold or pawned—he said they would not be forthcoming, and that they were sold or pawned—I am not certain whether it was on that day, but I had asked if there was not a general security book, and I got no answer—I asked that question in the course of that week, either then or on a prior day—Mr. Strahan and Mr. Bates were present when I asked about the security book—no answer was made; they looked at each other, and there was no book forthcoming

—I am not sure that there was anything said upon the occasion—when Mr. Strahan said these securities were either sold or pawned, I cannot say whether Mr. Bates was sitting in the room or not, bat he was very much in the habit of walking into the shop in front, and of walking about the room—I am speaking of that interview—whether he was exactly seated by Mr. Strahan, I cannot say—I have no doubt he was in the room at the time—I had visited the house two or three times between the 6th and 11th—I do not recollect on which occasion it was that I asked about the security book.

Cross-examined by
SIR F. THESIGER. Q. I understand you are not speaking with any great certainty with regard to this conversation you had with Mr. Strahan? A. I am speaking with certainty—he said they were either sold or pawned, that they would not be forthcoming, that they were either sold or pawned—I will say that he said they were either sold or pawned—I certainly would not like to swear that he said the securities would not be forthcoming, but my belief is that he first of all said they would not be forthcoming—my memorandum is in the hands of Messrs. Fearon—it was a note which I wrote to them immediately upon Mr. Strahan answering me so—I do not know whether that note is here.

COURT. Q. When did you see it? A. At Bow-street, in the hands of Mr. Bodkin—it was in my handwriting, and those were the words that I remember perfectly well.

MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL. Q. Did any Danish bonds come into your hands as official assignee? A. I think none—none of Dr. Griffith's, at all events—I do not think any of the securities that have been handed over to me were Danish, I think no Danish 5 per cents, came into my hands.

Cross-examined by
MR. HAWKINS, Q. I believe you were the official assignee in attendance on 25th June? A. Yes; at the choice of assignees—there is a statement now upon the proceedings, it was merely formally handed in—this is it (referring to the proceedings)—this paper was handed to me as the official assignee.





MORRIS NORDEN
. I am clerk to Messrs. Fearon and Clabon, solicitors of Great George-street I employed myself in Quaking a search for these securities of Dr. Griffith's, when the low was discovered—Mr. Fearon directed me to call upon Messrs. Lawrence and Plews, the solicitors for the fist, and on several other persons—I at last called at the banking house, in the Strand—I gave the date to Mr. Humphreys, it was a day or two after the bankruptcy had become notorious, in the early part of June—I believe I saw Mr. Bates, I do not know who else—I believe it was Mr. Bates I saw, he answered to the name of Bates—I believe he is the gentleman I saw—I did not take especial notice—I asked for Mr. Bates, and saw a person who answered to that name—I believe the defendant to be that person, there were two other gentlemen sitting down with him at a table in the inner room of the banking house—it must have been about the 14th June—I had in my hand this paper, which is in Dr. Griffith's handwriting, and which contains the list of his securities that were in their hands, and I told them that I had called from Messrs. Fearon and Clabon, Dr. Griffith's solicitors, that Dr. Griffith was exceedingly anxious to learn whether or not they were safe, and I read these from this list—among other things that I read from this list there was 5,000, 5 per cent Danish bonds—Mr. Bates replied, that he could not say anything about them, or he could not say anything about them in particular; that if there were any securities, they would be in the hands of the official assignee.


Cross-examined by
MR. JAKES. Q. Are You quite sure it was Mr. Bates? A. Yes; I believe it was—I do not know his son, I do not know any of them, to the best of my belief it was Mr. Bates—I am not quite sure—I did not take especial notice at the time.

COURT. Q. Then it might have been young Mr. Bates, who might answer naturally enough to the name of Mr. Bates? A. It might have been; I believe it was the same gentleman that stands here, but I am not positive about it.





JOHN HILL

re-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BYLES. I have now got my Book of 1854 here. On 1st June, 1854, we purchased, by order of Messrs. Strahan and Co., 5,000 Danish 5 per cents., the sum paid for them was 5,100l.—they were bought at a premium—we paid 102l. for each 100l. bond—the amount of our commission was 6l. 2s.—there were seven 100l. bonds, Nos. 2106, 5289, 5290, 2556, 1166, 1607, and 735—one of 500l. No. 355, one of 300l. No. 935, another of 500l. No. 378, and thirty 100l. bonds besides, making the 5000—they were Nos. 5373, 5370, and then six-teen bonds running from 985 to 1000, both inclusive—ten, numbered 1084 to 1093, and two, numbered 1164 and 1165—we bought all those bonds for Messrs. Strahan—they were delivered to them on 1st June, 1854, and paid for by them subsequently to that date.
(SIR F. THESIGER
desired to take the opinion of the
COURT, whether then was any evidence to go to the Jury, as affecting Mr. Strahan; the offence charged, related to certain bonds numbered in a particular manner, and sold by Foster and Braithwaite, in March, 1854; he submitted that there was no evidence to connect Mr. Strahan with that transaction, nor any evidence at all affecting him, except the conversation with Dr. Griffith, in which conversation Mr. Strahan referred to a transaction occurring only in June last. The Judges were of opinion, that there was evidence for the Jury.)

MR. SERJEANT BYLES
called the following witnesses for the Defence.






THEOPHILUS ABRAHALL
. I produce the petition for adjudication in bankruptcy—it is dated 11th June, 1855, Montague John Tatham is the petitioning creditor—the adjudication is the same date, 11th June, 1855—the first meeting was on 25th, for the choice of assignees—the bankrupts surrendered on 12th June, they surrendered immediately—the summons is not here, it is not usual to file the summons when they surrender—the examination of the bankrupts is here—first there was a joint declaration signed, but there was no examination—(The joint declaration was dated 25th June, 1855, signed by the Defendants, and was in the following words: "The Above named bankrupts solemnly depose and declare that the statement now handed by us to the official assignee under our bankruptcy, is a true statement of the matters and facts therein contained, and contains a true and correct account of all and every bond and security which have been sold, pledged, or otherwise converted by us, or either of us, or by our direction or authority").

COURT. Q. Pray did Mr. Commissioner Evans order them to make any declaration? A. No, he did not, so I understand, I was not in the Court at the time; it was a very crowded meeting, and the Commissioner desired me to sit in the other Court to take the proofs, and this occurred in my absence—(The account referred to was put in, and read in part; among other things, it stated that the 5,000l. Danish 5 per cents, of Dr. Griffith, bought by them, date not specified, were deposited with Overend and Co. on 13th April, 1855—the separate statement of Sir John Dean Paul was read as follows: "25th June, 1855. The account now filed in Court contains a true account of all

securities of my customers at any time pledged or converted by me, the particulars can be found in the banking books, namely, a green stock book and ledger." The separate statement of Mr. Strahan was in the same words. That of Mr. Bates was as follows: "The account now filed in Court contains a true account of all the securities of the customers of our firm, at any time pledged or converted by any of the partners thereof, and the particulars can be found in the banking books, namely a green stock book and ledger.")





JAMES GRAHAM LEWIS
. I am attorney for two of the defendants, Mr. Strahan and Sir John Paul—I was first consulted by them on 22nd June—it was by my advice that this statement was prepared, acting also under the advice of counsel.

COURT. Q. Then you and the counsel agreed to do, what? A. We agreed that, inasmuch as the defendants were declared bankrupts, they should surrender under that bankruptcy, and make a statement of every transaction they had had with reference to every security.

Q. For what purpose? A. For the general purpose of assisting the creditors, and for the special purpose of making a disclosure under the statute.

MR. SERJEANT BYLES. Q. What took place in Court when this was done? A. The bankrupts appeared in Court, a statement of the various securities which are now upon the file was produced to the Commissioner, and the bankrupts requested to hand it in as their statement, with reference to the securities which they had received from customers, and the manner of their disposal, not with reference to this prosecution solely, but as a general statement; upon which Mr. Commissioner Evans stated, that as no creditor had asked for them, the bankrupts were at liberty to hand them in to the official assignee if they thought fit—the statement was then handed in, with a deposition, which appears upon it—that is what has just been read—to the best of my recollection, the Commissioner signed that deposition—after that the solicitor for the fiat, Mr. Lawrence, took the depositions and the accounts out of the hand of the official assignee, and called upon each bankrupt to make a separate statement—after that voluntary deposition, if it may be so termed, Mr. Lawrence took the depositions and the accounts out of the hand of the official assignee, and then examined each bankrupt separately as to the truth of the statement contained in that account, and I think, to the best of my recollection, it was put in these words, "Is this account of all the securities that you have converted, (using not the exact terms of the Act) all the account you wish to render with reference to the disposal of these shares?"or something to that effect—I think the words are down in the depositions, because I wrote them down immediately, and the Commissioner signed it—each made a separate deposition—each answered "Yes."

COURT. Q. I suppose the question was merely in the terms of the answer? A. Yes, they are mostly taken so in bankruptcy—the solicitor for the assignees asked these questions, and I reduced them into writing—after they had been so reduced into writing, they were signed by the several bankrupts, they then declared to the truth of them, and the Commissioner signed his name.

Cross-examined by
MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. You save said that this had been arranged before hand, I think when you got to the Court the first thing that was done was, Mr. Parry applied to the Commissioner on behalf of Mr. Bates, to be permitted to make a statement disclosing certain transactions which had taken place with reference to the securities deposited with the bankrupts by various persons? A. It was an application generally on the part of the whole, it was to that purport, to be allowed to be examined.


COURT. Q. What did Mr. Parry apply for? A. To examine, or put in the examinations.

MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. Did not Mr. Parry apply, on behalf of the bankrupts, to be allowed to examine them with reference to these securities, and the disposition of them? A. With reference to the statement of the securities, which he then held in his hand—the Commissioner at first said, "I refuse your application; if any creditor applies for the bankrupts to be examined, he can do so, but upon the bankrupts' own application I refuse it"—upon that, Mr. Parry said, "Then I formally tender this as the declaration of the bankrupts, and your Honour may accept it or not"—he said those words, with a great many others—he added, that under the statute they were entitled to give it in as their statement.

COURT. Q. Therefore, they claimed to be entitled to do this under the statute, and get themselves off by their own statement? A. Under the Bankruptcy Act.

MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. Did his Honour, on that, say, "Let them put in what they like, if they sign it"? A. He did.

Q. As soon as the paper was signed, did not Mr. Parry apply to Mr. Lawrence, and ask him if he wished to put any questions to them? A. Not within my hearing or knowledge—I will not swear that did not take place, but I solemnly swear not within my hearing or knowledge, or to my belief—I will not say whether he did or did not say to Mr. Lawrence, "Do you wish to ask the bankrupts any questions?"and I will state why; I was engaged at the moment in writing down the depositions, the first one which accompanied the first petition and the account, and the Court was so crowded, and there was so much noise going on, that I really cannot undertake to say whether he did or not—I had not had any previous communication with Mr. Lawrence, none whatever, except applying to him to know whether he would bring the bankrupts up, so that they might be examined at that meeting—Mr. Lawrence declined in any way to interfere or assist me, and I was obliged to apply to another Commissioner, not the one adjudicating upon the fiat, and undertake to pay the expense of bringing them up—I then communicated to Mr. Lawrence that a warrant had been granted for bringing up the bankrupts, and that was all that took place with reference to it—the defendants were then detained in the House of Detention—I had to get a warrant to the Governor to bring them up, in order that they might surrender on the first public meeting, to make such disclosure as I thought might be beneficial in the event of a certificate meeting—at that time they were all in custody on criminal warrants upon this very matter—I believe the first joint examination before the Magistrate was on that same day; no, not the morning of the 25th; on the morning of the 22nd, which was Friday—upon that same day I applied to the Commissioner, about four o'clock in the afternoon, for a warrant to bring them up to be examined upon the Monday—it was not only for the purpose of making the disclosure—it was for that purpose amongst others—it was for the purpose of making a disclosure with reference to all the securities they had converted, and to be present at any meeting, to answer any questions which any creditor might put to them upon any subject.

MR. SERJEANT BYLES. Q. I need hardly ask you whether there was any understanding between yourself and Mr. Lawrence of any sort or kind whatever? A. Not the most remote—I never had any conversation with him upon the subject.

COURT. Q. I suppose neither Dr. Griffith nor his attorney were there,

or desired to interfere? A. Dr. Griffith's attorney was there—he did attempt to interfere.





WILLIAM BOIS
. I am a clerk to Messrs. Overend, Gurney, and Co. I have a memorandum of some bonds deposited with us by Sir John Paul and Co.—they came from John Young—he deposited them with us—he came and borrowed the money of us—it came out afterwards that it was for Sir John Paul—I was not aware of it at the time—he came for the money for Sir John Paul—the numbers were, 2106 for 100l., 5290, 5289, 2556, 1166, 1607, and 735; one for 500l., No. 355; one for 300l., No. 935; another for 500l., No. 378; and the rest for 100l., Nos. 5373, 5370, 985 to 1000, inclusive; 1084 to 1093, inclusive; and 1164 and 1165; making 5,000l.—those were pledged, with other things, on 30th April this year, by the attorney for Strahan and Paul.

STRAHAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 48.

PAUL—


GUILTY
. Aged 53.

BATES—



GUILTY. Aged 65. On 1st and 3 rd Counts
.—




Transported for Fourteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Willes.

