



1167. 



WILLIAM TARLING



, feloniously uttering a forged request for the delivery of 30 quarters of oats, with intent to defraud 



Edmond Edward Hinkley.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GEORGE BABY
. I am foreman to Mr. Hinkley, a master lighter-man and granary-keeper, at 329, Wapping. On 5th June the prisoner came to the granary and brought this order to me, about a quarter-past two o'clock—I took it—he said he wanted thirty quarters of oats—I let him have fifteen quarters—he said he would come for the remaining fifteen that afternoon or the next morning—he came again next morning.





JOHN COOK
. I am a corn-merchant, and live at 91, Whitechapel. I had corn warehoused at Mr. Hinkley's ever since Oct.—I know nothing of this order; it is not my writing—I never saw the prisoner before he was in custody.





EDMOND EDWARD HINKLEY
. I am a wharfinger and lighterman, at Wapping. I hold corn of Mr. Cook's—I know nothing of this order.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). I apprehended the prisoner on 6th June, in Thames-street—I had the order in my hand—I said, "You are charged with taking this order to Mr. Hinkley's for thirty quarters of corn and receiving fifteen quarters"—he said he was employed by a man to take it—I said, "Where did you take the sacks?"—he said they were brought by a young man—I said, "You said you came from Mr. Cook's"—he said, "I did say so, but I met a young man who told me to take it to Commercial-street, and it was shot into their sacks there."

Prisoner. I told you I did not know it was a forged order.





CHARLES BULLEN
 (policeman, H 34). I was on duty in Commercial-street, Whitechapel, on 5th June, from two o'clock in the afternoon till nine in the evening—I did not see any sacks of corn emptied into other sacks—if they had been I must have seen it—(order read—"91, Whitechapel. Please give to the bearer thirty quarters of oats for John Cook. W. H. Taylor.")





WILLIAM HAMMOND TAYLOR
. I am a corn-merchant. This is not my signature to this order.

Prisoner's Defence. I was standing in Thames-street; a gentleman came

and hired me off the stand, and gave me this order; I went and got fifteen quarters; I met the person in Leman-street who told me to take it to Commercial-street, and there it was pot in their sacks; I went the next morning for the other fifteen, and they would not give them to me; I had 10s. for the job.




GUILTY
.*—


Transported for Seven Years.

