




1709. 




WILLIAM MANNING
 and 




EDWARD ASHBY



, robbery on 




THOMAS BAKEWELL
, and stealing from his person 1 handkerchief, 1 waistcoat, 3 half-crowns, 1 shilling, and 1 groat; his property.—2nd COUNT, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of a person unknown, and stealing the said goods.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS BAKEWELL
. I am a soldier, in the grenadier-guards. On the morning of 17th July I was in bed with a woman in James-court, St. Ann's-lane, Westminster—we went to bed about 2 o'clock in the morning—I had seen Manning near the door with his back against the wall as I went in, and bare no doubt he is the man—he fetched a pot of beer before I went to bed, but I would not drink any of it—I had not been in bed a minute when I heard a noise at the window; it went up, and two men came in—the room is on the ground-floor, the bed is close to the window, the prisoners are the men—Ashby came in first, and Manning afterwards; they went to my clothes on the chair—I got out of bed and said I would not be robbed, a scuffle ensued; the door was unbolted either by them or by the girl, and another man came in—I called "Police!" and they cleared out of the room, the girl went out first, they had got my clothes in their hands—I got my breeches and leggings away from them—I was not in my uniform—I missed my waistcoat, which contained three half-crowns, one shilling, a fourpenny—bit, and a handkerchief; also my braces—I have never seen my waistcoat since—this is my handkerchief (produced)—I have had it two years—I call it dark brown—I had it in my pocket when I went into the room—I have no doubt the prisoners are the men—I ran after them—I was close behind Ash by when I got out of the door, and never lost sight of him till the policeman was in sight of him, who brought him back—he said it would not be above a sixer.


Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. What rank do you hold? A. Private soldier; I have been twenty-five years in the guards—I had been out on leave from 10 o'clock at night, and met the girl in Orchard-street, after two in the morning—I had not been drinking—I had been to see some friends at St. John's Wood, Portland-town—I was at the corner of Henry-street till half-past one—I had not to return till morning—I was waiting there some hours for a female, but did not see her—there is a public-house at the corner, I waited near it—I went in several times and had half-a-pint of beer; there were a great many persons there—I did not sit down, I had

nothing but beer—my detachment was then at the Penitentiary, at Millbank—I was wandering about the streets for two hours—when I got to the house with the girl, Manning asked me if I would stand a pot, and I gave him 6d. to fetch a pot in, I tasted it and did not like it; I did not drink it—I had no spirits that night, I was as sober as I am now—he put the pot inside the door—he did not come in, it was daylight in the room, it must bare been near three—I saw no clock, there was no other light—I called "Police!"—when the door was opened, we all had a scuffle together—I have not got into any disgrace about this affair—when I first saw Manning, I said he was the person—I did not say he was d—d like him—I did not say I should like to see him with his white coat on—I said he had a kind of a light moleskin jacket—I did not say when asked if it was him, "No, but that is the man who brought the beer."





JAMES SAUNDERS
 (policeman) About half-past 3 o'clock on 17th July I heard a cry of "Police!" in St. Ann's-street, Westminster—it had been day. light nearly half an hour—I saw Ashby and another young man running out of James-court, and Bakewell running after them, who said he had been robbed, and I seized Ashby and asked him what he was running for—he said he was running after his mate, who had robbed a man—I found this handkerchief on him—before I showed it to Bakewell, I asked him, in Ashby's presence, what colour his handkerchief was—he said it was an old dark-brown silk one—I showed it to him and he identified it—he was quite sober—Ashby said he supposed it would only be a sixer—Bakewell described the other man to me, and I took Manning on suspicion twelve days afterwards—I have known him for the last five years—I believe he has not had any fixed residence lately, but I have seen him in St. Ann's-street, Westminster, and Duck-lane, but could not see him between 17th and 29th July, though I was specially employed to look for him—I found him at the Portland Baths, 711/2, Oxford-street, and told him the charge—he denied being the man—Bakewell saw him at the station, and said he was the second person that came in at the window after Ashby.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he alone? A. Yes; with the exception of the police—Bakewell did not hesitate in the least—he did not say he should like to see him in his light coat—he said he had a light moleskin jacket on at the time—he said Manning fetched a pot of beer, and Manning said he did not.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Have you seen him in any particular dress? A. yes: with a light moleskin jacket, for several months—the last time I saw him was on the Sunday morning previous to the robbery, which was on Thursday.

Ashby. Q. Did you examine the house? A. Yes? the head of the bed came partly up against the window.

Ashby's Defence. I had been drinking; I saw a man before me in a flannel jacket, a man behind me was calling "Police!" I ran after the man, but my shoe broke in half, and I could run no further; I saw a handkerchief lying there, and put it in my pocket; the policeman asked me what I was running for, I said, "After the man who had robbed the man;" I did not say, "My mate;" he searched me, and found the handkerchief; I said it was not worth 6d.; and he says I said I should not get above a sixer; I have an impediment in my speech.

MANNING—


GUILTY
*

ASHBY—



GUILTY



of Burglary.

Aged 26.
Aged 18.





Transported for Ten Years.

