






1471. 




BENJAMIN BENTON,



 MICHAEL BRANNAN,



 JOSEPH HARRIS
, and 




JAMES FREEMAN



, stealing 1 ring, value 2l. 10s., and 1 diamond, 2l. 10s.; the goods of 



Thomas Gleeson; Benton having been before convicted: to which

BENTON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16. 


Transported for Ten Years.


BRANNAN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

HARRIS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Seven Years
.





THOMAS GLEESON
. Phillips was my errand-boy. On 10th July I sent him with a parcel, containing a diamond and a diamond ring, in a little bag round his neck.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. When did he return? A. In about an hour—I sent him between two and three o'clock in the afternoon.





JOHN PHILLIPS
. I was in Mr. Gleeson's service. I know all the prisoners—my master sent me with a parcel, between two and three o'clock—I do not know the day of the month—I did not see it—he put it in this bag—I was going through the pens in Smithfield with it—I saw all the four prisoners sitting on the pens together—I stopped—Brannan asked me what sort of a hall-mark there was on gold rings—I said I did not know—Brannan afterwards got hold of me, and he and Harris laid me down, and Benton put his hand over my mouth and my eyes, and Harris sat upon my legs, cut the string of the bag, and put his hand in his pocket quickly—the bag was left on me, but what had been in it was gone—Freeman was sitting on the pens while the others were doing this to me, about a yard from them—I said, "They have got my property"—Freeman came up and said he would search them—he searched them, and said they had not got anything—I then went away and left them altogether—I saw them looking down, as if they were looking for something—I came back, and said, "Give me my property"—they said they had not got it—I said I should like to search Freeman—Freeman said, "You may search me"—I searched him, and found nothing on him—I then went away and left them—I afterwards said to Phillips, "You own you sold it?"—he said, "No"—Benton said, "You sold it"—he said, "If I sold the ring what is that to you, hold your jaw, or else I will knock your head in."

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known Benton and Harris? A. Only a short time—I have known Freeman about a month, by seeing him about Smithfield—when I first came up to them they and another boy, my mate, were sitting on the pens talking—they were not playing—I have known my mate about a month—I do not know his name, nor where he worked—he was gone when they laid me on the ground—I went home and told this story to my master in about an hour—I had to go to Duncan-terrace—I was to take the parcel to Meredith-street—Freeman allowed me to

search him—I do not know a boy named Jackson—I know a boy named Crocodile.






WILLIAM COOPER
 (policeman, G 112). I took Brannan and Harris—I saw Freeman two or three days afterwards—I said, "I heard you gave yourself into custody for this robbery"—he said, yes, he had, because the other three boys were going to buck it on to him, meaning that they were going to place it all on him—he said he gave himself up to a City policeman, and he heard the ring had been sold to a Jew; that he was sitting on the rails, smoking his pipe, when he saw the three boys get the boy down and rob him, but he had no concern in it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say he saw it done? A. No; he said he was sitting on the rails while it was done.





WILLIAM FISHER
 (policeman, G 127). I took Benton—he said it must have been Crocodile who told me.





JANE DOUGLAS
. I know Harris—I was at the police-court on Tuesday week—I saw Freeman standing by the lamp-post outside the court, at the time Benton and Harris were there—Benton's sister was there, having words with Freeman—she said, "You are as bad as the rest; you sold the ring"—he said, "Yes, I know I did, but hold your tongue."





LOUISA BENTON
. I am the sister of Benton. I was outside the police-court, and saw Freeman—I asked him how he thought they would get on—he said he did not know—he spoke in a very disrespectful manner to me, and I said, "You ought to be there yourself"—I told him he sold the ring—he said, "I know I did, but hold your row."





FREDERICK PATRICK ROCKFORD
 (City policeman, 248). On 13th July I was spoken to by a woman about Freeman—I went with her to a public-house in Aldersgate-street—I found Freeman there—he said he wanted to give himself up, that there were two of the G division after him—I took him to the station—he said he was sitting on the pens when the robbery was done, and he knew the parties that robbed the errand-toy of the property, and he would do his utmost to find them.





JOHN JACKSON
. On a Wednesday, the day after the Duke of Cambridge died, I came through Smithfield—I saw young Benton—there was no one with him—I asked him to come with me to the City of London, and we met Freeman by Bishopsgate Church—we saw Harris and Brannan, and all went to Petticoat-lane—Freeman and Harris went down a court—when Freeman came out he had some money—he gave a half-crown a piece to the others, and kept a half-crown himself—he stood swearing that that was all he got for it—we then all went to the City of London Theatre together— Freeman told me in the theatre that it was a ring that was sold—I told the police, and took the two policemen to Petticoat-lane, and showed them the house they went into.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever been here before? A. No—I have not gone by any other name than Crocodile—I have never been in custody—Benton was alone when I came up to him—I intended to go to the theatre, and I asked him to go—we met the other boys afterwards in Bishopsgate—the house they took the ring to was two doors from a little barber's—I do not know who lives there.





ISABELLA LINFOOT
. I was outside the court when Freeman was talking to Benton's sister—she said to him, "You are as bad as the rest of the boys"—Mrs. Douglas said, "Surely this gentleman had nothing to do with the ring"—he said, "Yes, I had, but hold your jaw."

(Freeman received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Twelve Months.

