




282. 




ROBERT ATKINSON
 and 




THOMAS GODDARD



, robbery on 



John Cole, and stealing from his person 1 watch, value 10s.; his property.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES DAY
. I live at No. 38, Princes-street, Portman-market. On the evening of Friday, 7th Jan., I was coming out of my door, about half past

9 o'clock, or a quarter to 10; I saw the two prisoners carrying the prosecutor, or rather dragging him along—one was on each side of him—one had hold of each arm, and directly they got opposite my door, they threw him down on his head—the prisoner Atkinson snatched his watch from his pocket, and they both instantly ran off; I ran after them—they both ran in the same direction—I followed Atkinson for about 150 yards, the constable took him—I pointed him out to the constable, and told the constable that he had knocked a man down and robbed him of his watch—I said that in Atkinson's presence—I saw no more of Goddard that night—I went back to the man whom I had seen knocked down—I had not known the prosecutor before—he was rather the worse for liquor—he was not on the ground when I went back, he was when I left him; but when I went back, some one had picked him up—I observed his watch guard was hanging about him.

Goddard. I was not with this man at all; there was another man given into custody, and he swore he was the man. Witness. No; there was a man taken on the Monday evening; I went and I said that was not the man.

Goddard. I was looking in the fire when he came in, and he said as soon as he came in that I was the man, before he saw my face.





THOMAS RELIN
. On the evening of Friday, 7th Jan., I happened to be in Princes-street, near Port man-square, about a quarter before 10 o'clock—I saw Atkinson and another man knock Mr. Cole down, and they ran away—I did not pursue them—I had not known Atkinson before—I am sure it was him—I was about 100 yards from him—I saw his face—he turned round, and there was a lamp; I could swear to a man at that distance that I never saw before.

COURT. Q. How much is 100 yards? A. As far as across this Court.





ROBERT DOBLE
 (policeman, D 237). On the evening when this matter occurred, I was in Salisbury-street, which leads out of Princes-street; I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw the two prisoners running away; I pursued Atkinson, and took him—the other prisoner turned in a different direction—as soon as I took Atkinson, he said, "I have not got it"—I had not then said anything to him about what it was for, I did not know—at that time Day came up, and said that he and another man had knocked a man down, and robbed him of a watch.





JOHN COLE
. I am a French polisher, and live in John-street, Portlandtown. On the evening of 7th Jan., I had a watch in my pocket; I know I had it safe when these persons came up to me, and threw me down—I had it when they were with me—I had been to a party that evening, and was going home, and these persons saw my chain hanging down, and one of them pushed me further from the pavement, and took my watch, and left the chain hanging down—the policeman has got the chain now—I was insensible when the policeman took me up—I was aware I lost it at the time; I was not so far gone as that.

Goddard. He said he saw his watch about a quarter to 8 o'clock. Witness. No; I had it at 8 o'clock, and I might have had it at past 8 o'clock; I know I had it in my pocket, and the chain was banging down—if I had put it in, this would not have happened—I cannot swear to the men.





JOSEPH LACK
 (policeman, D 156). On 12th Jan., I took Goddard—I had heard of this robbery, but I could not find him before—I said to him, "I want you for being concerned with Atkinson in robbing a man of his watch, last Friday evening"—he said, "I know nothing about it; I was not with Atkinson that night at all"—he said he was at work—he did not say where

—I had seen him and Atkinson together, on the night of 7th Jan., in Churchstreet, Portman-market, between 6 and 7 o'clock, which is about 150 or 200 yards from where this robbery occurred.

COURT. Q. Had you known Goddard before? A. I knew both the prisoners well—I have known Goddard about two years, and Atkinson about the same time—I cannot be mistaken about having seen them that night.





BENJAMIN EASON
 (policeman, A 352). On the evening of 7th Jan., I was on duty in Salisbury-street, which runs through Princes-street, about a quarter to 10 o'clock—I saw the prisoners running along—they came out of Princes-street, and turned down Salisbury-street—Goddard was the first of the two—I had seen them about 8 o'clock that evening, or a few minutes past 8 o'clock, at the corner of Princes-street, in Salisbury-street.

COURT. Q. How long had you known them? A. I had known them by sight eighteen months—I am quite sure that these were the men—I pursued Goddard, but I was stopped by several women, and before I could recover myself he turned into some house in Paul-street.

Atkinson's Defence. I was standing at the corner of a street, about a quarter to 10 o'clock, and the constable and the witness came round, and the witness said, "That is one of them;" the constable caught hold of me; I asked him what he wanted; the witness said, "He knocked a man down, and stole his watch;" I said, "I have got no watch;" he took me back, and there was the man with a mob round him; the prosecutor was so drunk that they fetched a stretcher to carry him to the station.

Goddard's Defence. I was standing in the street last Wednesday, and the policeman came and said he wanted me for being with Atkinson, and stealing a watch; I said I knew nothing about it; he had seen me two or three times before that; he went in a public house, and was looking through the window; I was at work with ray father at a greengrocer's shop, David Dickinson's.





JOSEPH LACK
. I had seen him before—I have since heard that he was in a lodging house that I went into, but he hung his head down and I did not see him, if I had I should have taken him then.

ATKINSON—


GUILTY
. *† Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


GODDARD—


GUILTY.
 † Aged 19.—



Confined Twelve Months.

