



305. 




ALEXANDER WADDILOVE



, feloniously forging and uttering a promissory note for the payment of 5l., with intent to defraud 



James Nixon and others.






JAMES NIXON
. I live at 10, Albany-street, Regent's-park, and am a partner in the University Loan Society, which is held at 3, Gower-street North. The prisoner called there some nine months ago, and borrowed 5l.—he came again about 10th or 12th April, and wanted a further loan of 5l.—he applied for a form, for which he paid 2d., and I told him to put down the name of the security, and it would be enquired into—he then left the office, taking the form with him—he called a third time, and brought a man with him who he represented as John Bolton, bis security for the loan—the 5l. was then granted, deducting five per cent. interest, and Bolton signed the note in the prisoner's presence—this is it(produced)—the prisoner signed it and handed it to me—the payments were not duly made, and in consequence we endeavoured to summons Bolton, who had put his name as security—the prisoner then said the real Bolton did not sign the note, but he would endeavour to pay the money himself by instalments—he gave Bolton's address as 8, Church-row, Camden-town—I endeavoured to find him—there was no such person living there.

Prisoner. Q. Do you mean to say I ever had the promissory note in my hand, and presented it for the 5l.? A. Decidedly; there is your name to it—I went to Thames-street, to make inquiry about Bolton about the 16th—I saw Mr. Bolton's master, Mr. Palmer; the answers I received were satisfactory; Mr. Palmer gave me Bolton's address as 18, Church-row, Camden-town; I went there, found it satisfactory, and the money was lent—I had not seen the real Mr. Bolton before the note was signed—a woman answered the door at 18, Church-row, who said Bolton had been gone away about a week—I stated before the Magistrate that the man was present when you signed the note—I can hardly say now what sort of a man he was, it is so long ago, but I should know him again—he was about fifty years old—I should say there is 10s. or 12s. paid off the second loan; I am not certain except by the books—I witness the signature of the person that signs at the time the money is lent—when the real Mr. Bolton was summoned, you said

it was not his signature, and the summons was dismissed—you said it was only a misdemeanor, and we could do nothing in it.





EDWARD LAWSON
 (examined by the prisoner). Q. About 13th or 14th April, do you remember my applying for a second loan; I had borrowed one 5l. on Miss M'Namara's security, and applied for a second loan, and asked if there was any objection to a respectable lodger as security? A. I have no doubt, if you applied to me in that way, I forwarded your words to the committee—I called at Mr. Bolton's and made inquiry; no one was with me—I called on my return from Blackheath—I went to Thames-street, and saw two persons who I supposed to be porters—they said that Mr. Bolton was engaged there, and I was satisfied—I did not get his private address there—you gave it me as 8, Church-row, Camden-town—I went there, and finding he did not reside at that house, I came away without making any further inquiry—we felt satisfied with his holding a situation in Thames-street—you received the money on the Wednesday evening—I recollect your coming that evening with the person you stated to be Bolton—the gentlemen were all sitting round the room at the time—I do not remember Miss M'Namara applying for a loan of 10l., and afterwards becoming security for you for 5l.—I know she was security for you for 5l.—I was not aware that she had half of that loan—I never saw the real Mr. Bolton, I thought it was the Bolton of Thames-street that signed the note—it was to him we gave credit, and not to any other Bolton.





JOHN BOLTON
. In April last, I was employed in business in Thames-street, and resided at 18, Church-row, St. Pancras-road. This "A. Bolton" to this promissory note is not my signature—I never authorised any person to put my name to it—I was never applied to to do so.

Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect about March last hearing from your sister-in-law, Miss M'Namara, that I had borrowed 5l., and she was security? A. No; she never asked me to become security for 5l.—last Nov. twelvemonths you called on me in Thames-street, and applied to me to accept or endorse a bill—I told you I knew nothing of the transaction, I would make enquiry to know if you had been sent—I made inquiry of the party, and they said they had never authorised you to call on me—I never saw the bill.





JOHN JAMES HOWSE
. I was a partner in this University Loan Society. This promissory note was signed in my presence on 18th April by a person calling himself Bolton—he then handed it to the prisoner, and he wrote his name on it.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman, E 50). I apprehended the prisoner in Judd-street on 13th Dec.—I told him he must consider himself my prisoner on a charge of forging a promissory-note for 5l.—he said "Very well;" it was close at home; he wanted to go in doors—I said, "No, I can't let you go in doors—he said, "Oh, you need not be afraid of my running away; I have consulted my solicitor on the subject, and he says it is only a misdemeanor; you should apprehend the party who committed the forgery."

Prisoner. The policeman has in his possession my loan society book; I have paid 1l. 12s. and 1l. 13s. to the society.





JAMES NIXON

re-examined. The society has received no money from the sham John Bolton—the prisoner has received three loans; two of 5l., and one of 7l. 10s.—he is talking about the instalments he paid on the other two loans, not on this one.

Prisoner's Defence. I sent up money at intervals, thinking it would be put down in one of the books; in March last, I became acquainted with Mr.

Bolton's sister-in-law, Miss M'Namara; she was security for me for 5l.; I gave her half of it, and she agreed to pay 1s. 0 1/2d. a week with me; she was in difficulties at that time, and the brokers were in the house; my wife went backwards and forwards to work there; she asked my wife to ask me if I thought the society would lend 5l. more if she got a security; I said I thought they would, and I got the form-paper filled up with Mr. Bolton's name and address as I was informed by his sister-in-law: he was accepted as security, I knew nothing of him or his address till I had it from his sister; consequently I understood that Mr. Bolton of Thames-street, or Church-row, would be the person to sign the note; on the Wednesday, a man came to my house and asked if I had not made application for a loan for Miss M'Na-mara; I said I had done so, and I believed Mr. Bolton, her brother-in-law, was the party that was to be security; he said, "My name is Bolton, and if you will step to the office now, I can sign the note; I don't know whether my sister is to have half the money;" I said, "Yes," and he went with me at half-past six, and signed the note; I went again at eight o'clock and got the money; I afterwards went to Mr. Bolton respecting the endorsement of a bill for Miss M'Namara, and then I found it was not the Mr. Bolton who signed the note; I have no idea of the man who signed the note; I was not aware that there was anything wrong, or I should not have attempted to send to Thames-street for his security.





JOHN BOLTON

re-examined. It was last Nov. twelvemonths that the prisoner applied to me to endorse the bill, long before this loan—he knew me perfectly well by sight, as well as he knew any member of his own family.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(Inspector Brennan stated that the prisoner belonged to a gang of swindlers.)
