





1156. 




PATRICK PRENDERGAST,



 JOHN CAMPBELL
, and 



WLLIAM HEATH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Pryor, and stealing 13 shirts, 12 shifts, and other articles, value 4l. 9s. 6d.; his goods: and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 



William Pryor, the younger.


MR. WOOLLETT
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY MANUEL
 (policeman, H 216). On 24th May, about eleven o'clock at night, I saw the prisoners together in Whiteborse-court, about 100 yards from Mr. Pryor's—I passed Mr. Pryor's a great many times in the night—it was all safe at four, and at twenty minutes to five I found the area, grating broken up—I got into the area, and saw the window up—I got into the kitchen—I knocked at the door, and found a great quantity of linen had been taken away—I went out, and saw the three prisoners at the corner of Leman-row, about 500 yards from the house—it was then about five o'clock—Prendergast

had a clean shirt on; when I saw him before he bad a very dirty one—I caught hold of him, and said, "Where did you get this clean shirt?"—he said, "I have had it a long time"—I said, "I believe you took it from the house that has just been broken into on my beat"—Sergeant Foay came up, and we took the prisoners to the house—I searched Prendergast, and found on him three shirts, and, in the waistband of his trowsers, a silk-handkerchief and a pair of stockings—Sergeant Foay took two handkerchiefs from Campbell—Heath had nothing on him—about six dozen articles were taken from the house—I had seen the prisoners not twenty yards from the house, at four o'clock.

Prendergast. Q. How far did yon take us from the railway arch? A. About thirty yards—you were not close to a coffee-stall—I met you at two o'clock, and said, "What are you lurking about for; why don't you go home to bed?"

Campbell. I had only come out of the Fever Hospital the day before, and was not able to walk; you never saw me at all. Witness. You walked very well to Arbour-square—you were taken on the spot, and never got away.





REBECCA PRYOR
. I am the wife of William Pryor, of 52, Chambers-street, and am a washerwoman. On 24th May, about eleven o'clock, I fastened up the house—I was the last person up—about twenty minutes to five I was awoke by a policeman, and found the area grating removed, so that a person could get in at the kitchen window, which was slid back—there was no fastening—I missed about seven dozen of wearing-apparel—I know these articles, found under the arch—I washed these shirts just before I left off work—this handkerchief has my son's initials.

Campbell. The handkerchief I have had five or six months; it belonged to a shipmate of mine, William Flannagan. Witness. It is marked "W. P."—it was scorched, and has been repaired.





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (policeman). I searched Campbell, and found this handkerchief under the waistband of his trowsen—I asked if there was a mark on it—he said he did not know—I found "W. P." on it—I found three bundles of linen under the arche.

Prendergast's Defence. A shipmate of mine gave me the shirts, and, as I had no home, I put them on.

PRENDERGAST—


GUILTY.* Aged 20.

CAMPBELL—


GUILTY.* Aged 19.





Transported for Seven Years.


HEATH—


NOT GUILTY
.
