



656. 




JOSEPH EASTON



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Andrew Jackson, at 
Lambeth, and stealing 18 books, 8 waistcoat-patterns, and other articles, value 10l.; his goods.


MR.BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD WORELS
 (policeman, P 261). On 22nd Feb., at a quarter-past three in the morning, I was passing Mr. Jackson's house in the Brixton-road, and fancied I heard a noise in the front garden—I listened, and presently heard a sound of footsteps in the garden—I went in and searched the front premises, but did not see anybody—it was quite dark—I turned on my bull's-eye, and observed the side gate leading into the back premises open, and I saw the prisoner standing at the top of the kitchen steps with a dark lantern in his hand lighted—I immediately secured him, and sprung my rattle—I observed these goods lying at his feet—eighteen books, two tea-caddies, a toast-rack, a cruet-stand, several pieces of waistcoat patterns, a caddy spoon, three table holders, and two pairs of shoes—(produced)—Sergeant Merritt came to my assistance, and took my lantern and searched the house while I held the prisoner—while he was doing so I asked the prisoner where his companion was—he said he had just gone round to the front to try to open the front window—before Merritt came back I observed the back parlour window, and the shutters over the kitchen steps were open—that was the nearest window to where I found the prisoner—I searched the prisoner at the station, and found a button-hook in his waistcout pocket, and a pair of stockings in his hat(produced.)





WILLIAM MERRITT
 (police-sergeant, P 8). On 22nd Feb., at a quarter-past three o'clock in the morning I heard Warel's rattle—I proceeded to his assistance, and saw him in Mr. Jackson's back garden with the prisoner in his custody—this property was by the area steps—I examined the house and found the kitchen door and back parlour window open—Mr. Jackson came down, and I examined and found the whole of the cupboards and table drawers had been turned out, and the contents turned on the floor—all the property seemed disturbed, ready to be carried off—I assisted in searching the prisoner and observed him throw something away—I afterwards found this duplicate in the garden for a pair of hose pledged in the name of Easton.





MARY ANN PALMER
. I am servant to Mr. Andrew Jackson, of 2, Park-terrace, Brixton-road. On the night of 21 st Feb., I fastened the shutters without fastening the window—I saw my fellow-servant shut and fasten the back kitchen door before eleven o'clock—all these articles are my master's, and were in the back parlour—the books were in the bookcase, which has glass doors.





ANDREW JACKSON
. I live in the Brixton-road. On the night of 21st Feb., I was the last person up—the books were then safe in the bookcase in the back parlour—it was never locked—the rest of the articles were in another bookcase—the shutters were closed, but I did not look to see whether the bars were perfectly secure, but I barred the outer door—about two o'clock in the morning my daughter called me, I went down stairs and saw the prisoner in custody, and the property ready to be conveyed away—the shutters and window were open—the room all in confusion—the closets broken open, the things turned out, and the books were lying on a wall outside the window—they could not get further than that room without breaking the panel—it would take 20l. to 30l. to replace the articles.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

