





943. 




JOHN WHEATLEY,



 ALFRED HOLMES
, and 




GEORGE SMITH



, stealing 1 purse, value 1s.;1 half-sovereign, and other money; the property of 



Ann Margaret Chambery, from her person: Wheatley and Holmes having been before convicted.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JEREMIAH LOCKERBY
 (policeman, S 180). On 22nd April, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, I was on duty in the New-road, and met Wheatley and Holmes near the Hampstead-road—I crossed over to Mason, and we watched them—Holmes stopped at the corner of a gateway, and looked about as if looking for some one—Wheatley walked on—Smith came up a few minutes after, joined Holmes, and then they all joined and walked toward Euston-square, following some ladies—they then turned, and followed some ladies back—they then turned back again, and went as far as Euston-square—I continued to watch from the garden; I was in on the other side of the way, and saw three ladies and a gentleman come out of Euston-square, one of whom was Mrs. Chambery—Holmes made a rush past them, and the others stopped behind—Wheatley then went up to Mrs. Chambery, and put his hand into her pocket—Smith was then about a yard behind,covering him—I law Wheatley's hand going backwards and forwards, and in about half a minute Wheatley and Smith both made a rush past them joined Holmes at the corner of George-street, and they all three ran down George-street together—I made a communication to the lady, went after the prisoners, and saw them all in about ten minutes coming up Drummond-street together, about 300 yards from where they had stopped the ladies—when they got to the area of the corner house, No. 24, I saw another policeman coming, and we made a rush at them—Wheatley made a bob down on the ground, and I fell over him—I collared him, and told him I wanted him for picking a lady's pocket in the New-road ten minutes previous—he said I was mistaken—I said I was not, I saw him do it—I took him to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Were you in the same street as them when you saw them go to the ladies? A. They were walking up one side, and I the other, immediately opposite them—I searched Wheatley at the station, and found 4 1/2d. on him.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMPSON. Q. Where is your beat? A. Anywhere; I am a plain-clothes man—I stopped the lady between George-street and Euston-square—it is not more than 100 yards from one to the other—it was not more than forty yards from George-street where the rush was made—24, Drummond-street is at the corner of Charles-street East—Charles-street runs from Euston-square station to the Hampstead-road, and Drummond-street runs from the station.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many constables were there? A. Three; there was no sergeant there—there were only two when the rush was made.





JOHN MASON
 (policeman, S 168). On 22nd April, I was with Lockerby in the New-road, and saw Wheatley and Holmes together—I saw them join Smith, and they walked together down the New-road towards Euston-square—Wheatley stood at the corner, and the two others were in the square—after watching a short time, they returned from the square an followed three ladies and a gentleman—I afterwards saw Lockerby speaking to the three ladies—I did not see what the prisoners did, I merely saw them pass—I went in pursuit of the prisoners, and saw them cross George-street, and I pushed Holmes and Smith against the area railing of 24, George-street—the place where the purse was found has been pointed out to me by Stevens—that was the same place where I pushed them against the railing—I took them to the station, searched them, and Smith produced a half-crown and a shilling.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMPSON. Q. The house is 24, George-street? A. Yes; not 24, Drummond-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Smith was about to be searched when he gave up the money? A. Yes; we did not take the prisoners at the moment, because they ran away, and we stopped the ladies to ascertain whether they had been robbed—they were taken about a quarter of a mile from the spot, coming back towards it, not exactly in the same direction, but in the same line—we lost sight of them a short time—there was not a sergeant standing in George-street that I am aware of—I did not see anything done to the ladies, because I was about forty yards behind Lockerby.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Then the prisoners would have a very long start of you? A. Yes; Drummond-street runs at the back of the New-road.





ANN MARGARET CHAMBERY
. I am single, and reside in New Quebec-street, Portman-square. On the evening of 22nd April, I was in the New-road with some friends—when near George-street, some person pushed against me on my right side, and when I had got a little further, the officer came and asked me if I had lost anything—I felt my pocket, and found my purse gone—it was in my gown pocket, on the right-hand side—I had seen it safe about a quarter of an hour before—there was half-a-sovereign, half-a-crown, and some shillings in it—this produced is it—the half-sovereign was wrapped in this piece of paper.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. You say it was safe a quarter of an hour before? A. Yes; I put half-a-crown in it—I have never said it was safe half-an-hour before—I was coming from Wilton-street, along the right side of the New-road, the same side as George-street.





EDWARD STEVENS
 (policeman, S 269). On the morning of 23rd April, about five o'clock, I found this purse(produced)down the area of 24, George-street—I pointed the same place out to Mason.





WILLIAM BOYESON
 (policeman, E 6). I produce a certificate of Wheatley's conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1849, of larceny from the parson, having been before convicted, and confined twelve months)—I was present; he is the person.





JOHN DEAR
 (policeman, G 92). I produce a certificate—(read—Alfred Holmes, Convicted April, 1848, having been before convicted, and confined eighteen months)—I was present; Holmes is the person.

HOLMES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

WHEATLEY, 


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Serven Years.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Six Months.

