



1626. 




JAMES COLE



, stealing 1 bag, 1d.; 4 sovereigns, 2 100l.-notes, and 1 Bank post-bill, value 35l.; the property of 



Peter Thwaites, from his person.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






PETER THWAITES
. I am a fruit salesman, of 17, Broad-court, Bow-street. On Friday afternoon, 9th Aug., I had two 100l. notes, a check for 35l., a cheek for 31l. 5s. 8d., and nearly twenty sovereigns—there was a 5l.-note wrapped up in a check, which I did not know of—the check and note have since heen brought to me—I went into the Mercers' Arms between five and six o'clock—I was sober—I called for some bitter ale, and sat down—the prisoner was there—another man, who I believe was with him, asked me if I knew anybody at Manchester—I said I did—after that I treated them and two women who were there to 6d.-worth of gin—I had none of it—I ordered a bottle of wine, which we had between four or five of us—the bottle passed round, I cannot say whether they all drank—I had had two glasses of bitter ale, and a portion of the wine—I have frequently drank as much without getting drunk—when I took my purse out to pay, toy notes and money were perfectly safe—I bad then been in the house about twenty minutes—the prisoner sat by me—I became insensible, and when I recovered I was at borne, and my money was gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. What time did you get the money? A. I had the two 100l.-notes the night previous—I had the money with me to get two Bank post-bills to send to Belgium—I went out at half-past eight in the morning, and not feeling very well I went to Battersea—I did not go to the Red House, or to any other public-house there—I got there between nine and ten—I staid about an hour and a half, merely walking about to take the fresh air—I had nothing to drink—I then went home and dined with my wife at one—I had a glass of ale at dinner, no spirits—after dinner I went into St. James't-park—coming home I had a glass of ale in Piccadilly, and another in Coventry-street—I did not eat anything all that day—I swear I had no brandy—I merely staid to drink the ale—I did not treat anybody—I did not go with a woman to Battersea or to the Park—I spoke to nobody—I do not know whether chloroform was given to me—nothing of this kind has happened to me before—I have not been found drank in public-houses—it was partly Mr. Isaacs, sen., my partner's money, and partly mine—I shall have to be the loser of it—I wrote a check for it on the Thursday for Mr. Isaacs to get the Bank post-bill—he neglected to do it, and brought the money back to me—the twenty sovereigns were to have gone to my account at the banker's—the banking account is in my name, I only write checks—I should have paid all this money into the bank, except one or two pounds

—my partner is in Belgium—he sends goods over, and I sell them—the 20l. was received in the business—the bag was one we use in the business.
(MR. PARRY
contended that the charge was not properly laid, the money being the joint property of the firm.
MR. ROBINSON
suggested that the money being given to the prosecutor for a specific purpose he became bailee.
MR. COMMON SERJEANT
having consulted,
MR. JUSTICE TALFOURD
was of opinion that the money teas in the especial custody of the prosecutor).





JOHN HARLOW
. I live at 2, Little White Lion-street, Seren Diala. I was in the Mercers' Arms and saw Thwaites, who seemed very drunk, sitting between the prisoner and a young woman, who were both sober—the woman said, "You have lost a bottle of wine, now pay for it"—I went out and informed Mr. Thwaites' man—as I returned I saw the prisoner running down Long-acre, in a direction from the Mercers' Arms, and two young men with him—they got into a cab at the corner of James-street—Mr. Thwaites' man came up and stopped the horse—they got out of the cab and ran down King-street very fast.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known Thwaites before? A. Yes; I never saw him in that state before.





HENRY ISAACS
. I am in Mr. Thwaites' service—my father is in partnership with him, and I superintend part of the business—on Friday morning, 9th Aug., I gave Mr. Thwaites two 100l.-notes—he put them into a canvas bag, and placed them in his pocket—about seven o'clock in the evening I received information from Harlow, and went towards the Mercers' Arms—before I reached there, I saw the prisoner and another man near him, and another a short distance behind, running or walking very fast—the prisoner and the one nearest to him passed me—one of them said, "Is the money all safe?" and the other answered, "Yes"—a cab was standing at the corner of Hart-street, into which they ran—Harlow ran up, and said something—I stopped the horse, and the men got out on the other side of the cab—I pursued the prisoner down King-street, through Short's-gardens, towards Endell-street—I beckoned to policeman 79, who followed the prisoner—I then went to the Mercers' Arms, and found Mr. Thwaites insensible, with his pockets turned inside out—he had no moneybut a sixpence.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever seen him in that state before? A. Never—I have never had to send for him from public-houses before—I am in partnership with my father—he has a share in the business, and accounts to me for it—I do not receive a salary.





WILLIAM PIERRE LUCAS
. I keep the Mereers' Arms. On 9th Aug. Mr. Thwaites came and called for a glass of pale ale—he afterwards called for some wine—I served him with it—I cannot say whether the prisoner was there—I have seen him there once or twice—Mr. Thwaites took a canvas bag out of his pocket, to pay for the wine, and I saw him put it back again into his left pocket—he gave me half-a-sovereign—I gave him 5s. change, which he put into his pocket—he became insensible, and I went and picked him up—his left pocket was a little out, the other appeared all right—I saw him searched—there was no bag, or money—the wine I served him with would certainly not produce the effect I saw.

Cross-examined. Q. You know nothing of what he had taken before he came to your house? A. No—there was gin, brandy, and port called for—he took a small portion of the brandy, and some bitter ale, and port wine—they had a quartern of brandy amongst the lot of them—some German-sausages were sent for, and eaten—there were two women there—he did not treat them especially, but the whole party.






WILLIAM GODDARD
 (policeman, F 79). I was in Queen-street, Seven Dials, and saw a mob running—I went round Endell-street, and met Isaacs—I found the prisoner in the back-yard of 11, Endell-street—he said he had been to the water-closet—he appeared very much excited, and out of breath, at if he had been running—he was perspiring—his clothes were fastened up—he does not live there.

Cross-examined. Q. You had not seen him before you found him in the yard? A. No.





JOHN GILBERT
. On a Friday evening, about seven weeks ago, I picked up two checks and a note, in Conduct-court, Long Acre; that is, between Junes-street and the Mercers' Anns.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you find them? A. Between a quarter to seven o'clock and a quarter past—they were given up to Mr. Thwaites—he gave my father a sovereign.




GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

