



506. 




JOSEPH GEE
 was indicted (with two others not in custody)

, , for a robbery on 



John Brennan, and stealing from his person 1 watch, value 4l., 1 knife, 6d., 2 half-crowns, 1 crown-piece, and 1 groat; his property.






JOHN BRENNAN
. I live at Grange-road, Bermondsey. On a Sunday night, at the end of last month, about half-past eleven o'clock, I was coming down Bermondsey New-road, and turned into a gateway to make water—while there, I was attacked by three persons, who came from behind me—they laid hold of me, caught hold of my watch, and made a tug—the prisoner was one of them—I had never, to my knowledge, seen him before—it was a bright moonlight night—I cannot tell which of them it was that laid hold of my watch—they got the watch away, it broke from the guard which I had in my hand—they knocked me down, and robbed me—they were all close together—they got 10s., a crown-piece, two half-crowns, a 4d.-piece, and a knife which was in the same pocket as my money—they took the watch before they threw me down—I hallooed out for the police, and two of them ran away—I was down when the policeman came—he went after the prisoner, and brought him back—I went to the station, and saw this knife (produced), which is the one I lost, found on him—I have never seen the watch or other property since.

Prisoner. Q. did not the Magistrate ask you how it was you could identify me from the others? A. Yes; I said I could, because I had a struggle with you in getting the guard off my head—the Magistrate asked me if any of my friends could prove the knife was mine—I said, "Yes"—I swear it is mine; I have had it about sixteen months.





JAMES TUCKER
. I live in King-street, Bermondsey, and am an umbrella-maker. I know this knife to be the prosecutor's—I have had it in my hand a great many times—we did not work together, but he is a friend of mine, and came and sat down two or three hours where I was at work.





WILLIAM HUNT
 (policeman, M 247). On Sunday night, I was on duty in Bermondsey New-road, and between eleven and twelve o'clock heard cries of "Police!"—I went to the place, and when I got just to the spot, I saw the prisoner come from a door or gateway of a yard where I found the prosecutor—the prisoner was coming away in great haste, and said, "There is some one

shouting out for police"—I went and found the prosecutor; he gave me information and described the prisoner—I saw the prisoner again returning to the spot—the prosecutor said he was the party that robbed him—the prisoner said he was innocent—I told him I should detain him, and took him to the station—I searched him, and found on him the knife, 3s., two sixpenny-pieces, a 4d.-piece, and 3 3/4d. in copper.

Prisoner's Defence. Is it a likely thing, if I had robbed the man, I should come back to the spot where the man was, with the property on me; I told the Magistrate I could produce a witness, Alexander Sweeney, who knew I had had the knife above a week.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, 4TH MARCH.
