



1659. 




HENRY PAGE



, feloniously shooting at 



John Francis Hache, with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. FRANCIS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN FRANCIS HACHE
. About Christmas last, I was staying at 37, Fish-street-bill. The prisoner was staying in the same house—the landlord has a daughter named Madame Thurer—on the Sunday before this happened, the prisoner wanted to show me a letter which she had written to him, and likewise her likeness, and wished to acquaint me what was passing between them—he complained of my paying attention to her, and said I wanted to marry her—he afterwards asked me to go and ask her to meet him at 6 or 7 o'clock—I went, and she promised to come out, and meet him and me—I did not stay there—he was waiting at the door for me—I afterwards had supper there alone, at the same table with Madame Thurer—the prisoner came in, and went out again directly—I did not see him again till next Saturday, 9th Aug., near the Custom-house—he came and shook hands with me, and asked hot I was—I returned the same compliment, and asked if he had any news—I do not know what answer he made—I had been out of town in the interval—after we shook hands we walked about twenty yards together—I then turned my head round to see whether he was alongside of me, and he fired a pistol at me—I heard the report, and when I turned round he had the pistol aimed at me, and then he threw it at me—there was smoke about me, and it made two holes in my coat—this is the coat (produced), and here are the holes—they are at the bottom of the coat—they were not there before—a policeman came up.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. I believe on the Sunday you speak of, you spent the greater portion of the day together? A. Yes; very agreeably—I believe he is an American—I told him that I was half engaged

to somebody else, I was ready to give him any proof that there was nothing between me, and Madame Thurer—he was not two yards behind me when he fired the pistol—after he had fired it, he aimed it at me a little while, and then threw it at me.

MR. FRANCIS. Q. After this conversation on the Sunday, did you cease all attention to the lady? A. Before that; when she told me of it herself.





WILLIAM FENNINO
 (City-policeman, 565). I was on duty in Lower Thames-street, in the afternoon of 9th Aug.—I heard the report of a pistol, turned round, and saw the prisoner standing with this pistol in his hand—there was a great deal of smoke—as I ran towards him, he threw it into the road—it occurred in the gateway of London-bridge Wharf—I picked it up; the barrel was warm—I took the prisoner into custody, took him to the station, searched him, and found on him two bullets, seven percussion caps, some powder, and several letters.





JOHN RUBBAGE
. I am a coach-maker, and live at the Model Lodging-house, in John-street. I know the prisoner—he was also lodging there. On 8th Aug., at his request, I went with him to a gun-maker's close by, and he bought a pistol, a little powder, some caps and bullets—he said he wanted it to practice shooting at a mark, as he was a waiter out of place, and had a little leisure in the country.
(The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was read as follows:—"I have only to say that that individual has been the ruin of me; he has by twenty different means resorted to measures calculated to injure me, and undermine me in the opinion of those for whom I had respect, and has ruined and blasted my prospects for the future.")




GUILTY
on 2nd Count
, Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

