




1697. 




CHARLES DEAR
 and 



ALFRED GURTON



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Guy, and stealing 5 spoons, and other articles, value 3l.; his property.


MR. M'MAHON
conducted the Prosecution.






MARTHA JULIA GUT
. I am the wife of Robert Guy, of 39, Saville place, Mile-end, in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney. On 21st July, I fastened the house up about 12 o'clock—I retired to rest about ten minutes-past 12—about half-past 1, I heard a noise like a drawer being lifted out of its place, and suffered to fall on the floor in the parlour—the servant came with the little girl, and I supposed I must be mistaken, but I afterwards. heard a noise again, and I heard a person pass my door as I judged, and go down-stairs—I had a light burning, and I opened the door and put it out, and returned to my room—I then heard the steps a second time—I awoke my husband, which I had tried to do before—I rang the bell violently, and opened the window—my servant came down, but she was frightened and went up again, and locked herself in her room—she is not here—she had been in my service about twelve months—I ran to the window, and shouted "Police!"—I bad opened my bedroom door, and saw a man pass me—it was perfectly bright and light—that was about ten minutes past 2—when I had lifted up the sash, I saw a man crouch down on the garden wall—my bedroom looks, to the back—I saw the man partly doubled up—my attention was drawn from that object by a rustling in the ivy, and a second young man jumped up, but he made a false step and fell—he got up again, walked a little way, and jumped on the wall and ran away—the figure and make of the second man was like Gurton, but I am not positive—I had seen Dear before, but I should say he was not one of those I saw in the back garden—I then went into the drawing-room—previous to going in I heard a rustling, and when I went into the room a man was just getting through the window, who I judged was Dear, but I am by no means positive—he got to a wall a few inches below the sill of the window—the policeman pursued him—I went down to my parlour, and found it in great disorder—the cellaret-drawer had been taken out, and was on the ground, which I suppose I had heard fall—I missed a pair of salt spoons, a sugar spoon, a caddy spoon, and one small teaspoon which was not in the plate-basket, and was not taken up-stairs—the spoons only were taken off the premises—this teapot, candlestick, and other things were moved, but they were not taken—these are my spoons.





ROBERT GUY
. On the night of 21st July, I was aroused by my wife,

about 2 o'clock—I threw up the bedroom window, and looked oat—I saw one man jump on the wall with some difficulty, from the bottom of the garden—Gurton is the man—he was about ten yards from me—it was a clear bright night—I suppose he was in my view for five minutes—I saw him make his escape—he was endeavouring to get over the wall—it is a pretty good height—he made a mistake, but the second time he got over—I have not a doubt he is the man—I had a good view of his face—I do not remember that I had seen him before.

Gurton. When he first came to give charge of me, he said he was pretty sure it was me. Witness. When I looked at him on the first occasion at Bow station, he distorted his features very much, but when I saw him in his natural state I was quite positive—I never said he was in black clothes—it appeared a dirty jacket he had on.





JOSEPH HOLDEN
 (policeman, K 427). I was on duty in the main road, on the night of 21st July—I saw Dear about half-past 12 o'clock—there were two others in company with him—one of them was a person named Jordan—I have very little doubt that the other was Gurton—two of them were standing talking near Mr. Guy's house—I passed them two or three times—about half-past 1, Dear, and the same two men passed up the Canal-road, about two minutes' walk from Mr. Guy's—I still could not get a tight of the third man—about half-past 2, I was standing close to Mr. Guy's—I heard the bell ring violently—I heard the Venetian blinds rattle—I looked in the direction, and saw the sash of the first-floor opened, and the blind thrown back—Dear came out—he stepped on the weather-board, and dropped into some enclosed ground, and I having two walls to clear and a fence, could not get him—I then heard screams from the back of the house—I climbed over the wall, and found the back-door open, and the parlour all in confusion—I went in pursuit of the prisoners, and about half-past 8 in the morning I was watching, and saw Dear go into his own house—I took him into custody—I told him I wanted him—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For committing burglary at Mr. Guy's"—I said, "You are the man that got out of the window"—he said, "You are wrong this time"—I could not be mistaken in him, I knew him too well for that—at the time he got out of the window I was getting over the palisades—his leg was very near my hand, and the lamp was full in his face—this dark lantern was found in the same direction he went—I did not find it.





JOHN MEAD
. I keep a shop in Mile-end-road, about 200 yards from Mr. Guy's—about a week after the robbery, I found these five spoons in a bed of stocks in my garden, which is about 200 yards from the back of Mr. Guy's.





PETER M'QUILLEN
 (policeman, K 375). I went to Dear's house on 22nd July—I found these two gimlets, and this chisel in a cupboard—an old lady lives in the house—I went to Mr. Guy's, and saw some marks on the cellaret which correspond with this chisel.

COURT. Q. This is a common chisel, is it not? A. Yes; the marks of the cellaret, where the door was forced open, correspond with this chisel as to width, and the point of it fitted as exactly as could be—the end of the mark on the cellaret was not straight—it was down on one side.

Dear's Defence. I left home about half-past 5 o'clock, and was out all night; the policeman took me in the morning, and said, "I want you for a robbery;" I said, "You are wrong this time;" since that he has been and found this chisel in my house.

Gurton's Defence. I was at work all but one day, and that day they took me; the policeman took me to the station; he said he wanted me for a watch,

but there was no evidence, and I got off; I was going home, and was taken again for Mr. Guy's; the lady said she could not identify me j all the evidence she could give was she had seen me pass.

Witness for Defence.






ELIZABETH PALMER
. On the 21st July, Dear came home and had his tea—he went out, and I never saw him again till he was in custody—the officers came and searched the house—they found this chisel, and two gimlets in a small cupboard—I will take my oath the chisel had not been out of the place.

DEAR—


GUILTY
. * Aged 19—


Transported for Ten Years.
GURTON—


NOT GUILTY
.
